(Cheers and applause) (Music playing) (Cheers and applause) >> TIM COOK: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you. Thank you. Wow! Thank you. Thank you. Good morning! And welcome to the
Steve Jobs Theater. As you can tell, today is
going to be a very different kind of event. We have got some really
exciting things to share with you, and we are going to
have some fun along the way, so let's get going. For decades, Apple has been
creating world-class hardware and world-class software. We have also been creating
a growing collection of world-class services, and
that is what today is all about. (Cheers and Applause) So what is a service? Well, if you look it
up in the dictionary, you will see that a service is
defined as the action of helping or doing work for someone. At Apple, our services are
actively working to help our customers get the most out of
their products and to enrich their lives. Using the iPhone as an
example, let's take a look at our services in action. The iPhone you carry with you
with its powerful hardware and powerful software allows you to
capture the very best moments of your life, and our iCloud
service helps you easily share those photos with loved ones and
automatically makes your entire photo library available across
all of your devices, anytime, anywhere, safe, and protected. This is just one example of
the benefits that come from the seamless integration
of hardware, software, and services. And this is something that Apple
does better than anyone else. (Applause) Thank you. Thank you. Now, we have a whole range
of services, like iCloud, our service which keeps your
contacts, calendar, notes, and, as I just showed
you, your photos, and even your documents
up-to-date across all of your devices. Siri is the most popular
personal assistant in the world that helps you get
things done just by asking. And Apple Maps, the most used
navigation system on iOS by far. Apple Pay is our service that
lets you make secure purchases in stores and
apps and on the Web. And we offer communication
services like Messages and FaceTime so you can
stay connected with people that you love. We provide services that help
you locate your devices with Find My iPhone or simply know
that your kids made it to school on time with Find My Friends. And then there is Apple Music
and Podcasts and Books and the App Store and Apple News,
services that deliver incredible content and experiences
directly to you whenever and wherever you are. Now, most of these
services are free, while some of them are paid,
offering very valuable content from talented creators,
storytellers, and artists. We take this same approach at
Apple with our services as we do our products. They have to be easy to use. They have an uncompromising
attention to detail and design and engineering. They are designed to
keep your personal information private and secure. (Applause) And with our
services, we do even more. They are curated by
our expert editors. They are
personalized just for you. And they are designed to be
shared with your entire family. Now, today we are excited to
extend our services even further making them even more
entertaining, more useful, and more informative. So let's get
started with Apple News. (Cheers and Applause) When we created Apple
News over three years ago, we wanted to provide the best
way to read the news on your iPhone and iPad, and we felt we
could make a difference in the way that news is
experienced and understood, a place where the news would
come from trusted sources and be curated by experts. Now, this is a very different
approach than others have taken. As Slate pointed out by
hand-picking its publishers and stories, Apple News prioritizes
a news source's reputation and the value of its content over
the propensity of its headlines to garner clicks and likes. (Applause) With news being
so important to us, it's critical
that it be trusted. With over 5 billion
articles read each month, Apple News is now the number
one news app! Unbelievable! (Applause) In fact, Apple News has become
an essential daily destination for millions of people. Our editors pick the Top Stories
every day so you can stay on top of important news. You get a personalized news
feed delivering stories on topics that are most
interesting to you, whether they come from
publishers that you regularly read or from ones that you
are completely new to you. Now, when it
comes to major events, our team of editors curate
collections of the best stories from news, and sports,
entertainment, and so much more. Now, probably like many of you,
I love the feeling of being at the newsstand with all of those
beautiful and thought-provoking magazines
covering so many topics. We want them all, but we
might only be able to get one or maybe two. But what if we
could have them all? Well, today we are
going to do just that. We are bringing
magazines to Apple News. (Applause) With amazing design
and striking photography, in-depth journalism,
magazines are iconic and a part of our culture. They follow and create the
latest trends in fashion and style, they entertain, they
educate us about the world we live in, they provide insights
into science and technology, they go behind the scenes with
exclusive interviews of our favorite artists, they feature
the work of some of the world's best journalists, they
cover the world of sports, they bring today's business
innovation and technology into focus, and they
tell stories that give us perspective. All of these magazines come to
life in an all new service that we call Apple News+. (Applause) This is going to take Apple
News to a whole new level. We've made a video about the
power of journalism and its cultural impact and I would
love to play it for you now. (Music playing) >> REBECCA TRAISTER: My passion
as a journalist has been to help readers better understand the
moment that we are living in. >> AARON HUEY: I definitely go
further to get a shot than my wife would like me to go. >> SAMIRA NASR: I think fashion
magazines play such a huge role. Magazines allowed me to
kind of see people that looked more like me. >> DANA SCRUGGS: You
have to have more voices. Representation in front of
the camera is important, but representation behind the
camera is even more important. >> REBECCA TRAISTER: One of the
functions of journalism in this moment is to offer a
fuller picture of power. Who has it? Who doesn't have it? And what the costs
of that have been. >> AARON HUEY: Photography
can take us anywhere in that infinite world of stories and
gives you an empathy that you could have never imagined. >> REBECCA TRAISER: Great
writing ideally helps people make sense of the world. >> WALTER IOOSS JR: Sports
photography is my life and that's what I have been
inspired by, freezing time. >> REBECCA TRAISER: Part of my
job is to shed light on stories that have been kept in the dark. >> AARON HUEY: The container
for these stories is changing. If we have a place to go to
that we can trust to hold all of those stories,
that is going to help. (Applause) Thank you. Thank you. Now, to tell you
more about Apple News+, I'd like to
invite up Roger Rosner, Vice President of
Applications. Roger. >> ROGER ROSNER: I'm thrilled to
tell you about the new service we are bringing to Apple News. Our goal for Apple
News+ was simple, we wanted to create the best
magazine reading experience ever for a mobile device. Apple News+ will bring you
over 3,000 magazines across all, I'm sorry, 300 magazines
across all sorts of topics, like entertainment,
fashion, news, and politics. We've got great
health magazines, and great lifestyle magazines. We've got
magazines for travelers, magazines for foodies,
magazines for gear heads. We've got magazines for just
about every passion under the sun. And Apple News+ is the only
place where you will find all of these magazines in
a single package. (Applause) To show it to you, I'd like
to invite up Wyatt Mitchell, Apple's Director of
Design for Applications. (Applause) >> WYATT MITCHELL:
Thank you, Roger. Let's take a look at
the new Apple News+. It all starts with the
same great Apple News free experience, and that means
it's got Top Stories, it's got Trending Stories,
and here are my personalized recommendations in for you. With an Apple
News+ subscription, the experience gets even better. It means I get
the latest magazines. With this design, we wanted to
add the best of the magazine experience into the app, and
that starts with the covers. We wanted to make
them even more inviting, an entrance into another world,
so we created the live cover. Check this one out
from National Geographic. It's an amazing aerial view. (Applause) It's an amazing aerial
view of Sydney, Australia, and what looks like
an incredible issue. So let's take a look. When I tap on the cover, I am
taken to the table of contents where I can see all the
articles in the issue. I can jump to whichever one
I'm interested in like this. And here I land in a
National Geographic article, beautifully designed, and
full of amazing infographics. Apple News+ makes the experience
of diving into an issue even more fun and exciting. It's really like having
National Geographic designed for my phone. And to get more, I can just tap
on the table of contents or I
can browse the issue by simply
swiping from article to article like this. I can read full magazine issues
no matter where or when right on my phone. All right, let me get
back to the Today tab. There are more recommendations
of articles and issues here, but the place to explore all
magazines is the News+ tab. Here we wanted to design a home
dedicated to everything about enjoying magazines. I can easily find my
favorite titles right here in My Magazines. There is the National Geographic
I was just looking at. Here's one of my all-time
favorites, the New Yorker. I'll also see suggestions like
Popular Science here based on my interests. And recent issues are
automatically downloaded so I will already have them
before I board a flight. Scrolling down, here is
one of our first looks. It's the new cover of Rolling
Stone featuring some of the stars of Game of Thrones. Now, everything here is curated
by the Apple News editors and personalized, which makes it
really easy to discover a great article or explore a topic like
this group of travel stories recommended for me. I have been reading a lot
about Costa Rica recently, and while I'm not a
regular reader of Marie Claire, I can see that News+ is
recommending their article on traveling there, which is
really smart and really great. I will also see featured
articles like this one from Wired Magazine, and new issues
like this one from Essence with Issa Rae on the cover. Now along with the cover, I
can see a few articles from the issue, which makes it
really easy to browse. Now I'm going to tap on this
cover story because I'm a big fan of her show Insecure. And here we enter another
beautifully designed article. Design plays such a
big part of magazines, we really wanted to give the
titles their ability to express their own unique look and
feel through their design, typography, and photography. This is really a
great example of it. This is Essence
designed for the phone. So it looks great
here on the phone. Let's take a look
at it on an iPad. I'm going to open up the
same article on the iPad. And as you can see, the
article looks fantastic here too, and nicely
adapted to the larger size. And just like on the phone, I
can always tap on the table of contents to navigate
to another article. I'm going to try
this beauty story. And here we have a
beautiful photo essay. The iPad really shows off
great photography like this. Now, if I'm looking for
something specific or just wanting to browse, I can
navigate to the full breadth of the catalog by just
tapping here at the top, and here I have hundreds
and hundreds of magazines. I can find my sports,
my music, my travel. I can find the entire Newsstand
that Tim referred to right here on my iPad. And that's the new Apple
News+, the best mobile magazine experience ever. Back to you, Roger. (Applause) >> ROGER ROSNER:
Thank you, Wyatt. I think Apple News+ is awesome. No one has ever made digital
magazines as gorgeous and readable as this. Whether you like to read
whole issues cover to cover or individual articles, Apple
News+ is the best way to read magazines on your device. But Apple News+ is
about more than magazines. Apple News+ also includes
some of the most popular premium digital
subscriptions like The Skimm. (Applause) But we didn't stop there. Apple News+ also includes the
country's largest metropolitan newspaper and a rising
star, the L.A. Times. (Applause) And I'm super proud to announce
that Apple News+ also includes one of the
world's top newspapers, The Wall Street Journal. (Applause) And, of course, Apple News+ is
built on a foundation of expert human curation
and industry‑leading personalization, so finding
what you are looking for in that incredible collection
of content is as easy as launching Apple News. When we announced Apple News,
we told you we designed it to be private from the ground
up, and that's still true, and it's even
more important today. So sometimes people ask us,
how do we recommend the best articles for you without
compromising your privacy? The answer is we download groups
of articles from our servers, and then we use on
device intelligence to make recommendations. And that means we don't
know what you read, and in addition to that,
we don't allow advertisers to track you. (Applause) So what you read about in
Apple News will not follow you across the Web. So Apple News+, over
300 great magazines, The Wall Street
Journal, the L.A. Times, those great premium
digital subscriptions. There has literally never been
an offer like this before. If you were to subscribe to
all of these individually, it would cost you
over $8,000 per year. But with Apple News+,
you pay $9.99 per month. (Applause) And that's not just for you. We thought this was so important
we decided to make this available to your entire
family with Family Sharing at no extra charge. (Applause) Each person in your family gets
full access to that incredible catalog on their own devices
with their own favorites and their own personal
recommendations. It's an amazing value. Apple News+ is available today,
just download today's updates of iOS and macOS and launch
Apple News and the first month is free. (Applause) And in addition to launching in
the U.S., I'm happy to say we are also bringing Apple News and
Apple News+ to Canada in both English and in French. (Applause) And we are adding over 30 great
Canadian magazines to Apple News+ along with the top
newspaper in Canada, The Star. (Applause) And later this year, we will
be bringing Apple News+ to Australia and we will be coming
to Europe starting with the U.K. (Applause) So that's Apple News+, a premium
subscription built right into Apple News that brings you the
world's best publications all in one place, built on the
principles that guide all of our services. We are super excited about this. We hope you like it. Thanks so much! (Applause) >> TIM COOK: This is
really important to us. We believe in the power of
journalism and the impact it can have on our lives. We want to make a valuable
contribution to the industry and to society as a whole. We think Apple News+ is going to
be great for customers and great for publishers. (Applause) Now let's talk about Apple Pay. (Applause) We launched Apple Pay with a
vision to replace the wallet, and people are
absolutely loving it. Apple Pay is the simplest, most
secure, and private way to pay, and its growth has been
literally off the charts. In fact, we are on target to
surpass 10 billion transactions this year. (Applause) This is huge! We are looking forward to a
future where all payments are made this way. Now, retail acceptance of Apple
Pay has already past 70% in the United States and it's even
higher in many other countries like Canada and the United
Kingdom and so many more which broadly accept Apple Play. In Australia, we have achieved
an amazing 99% acceptance. And we have been adding
more and more countries. And by the end of this year, we
expect that Apple Pay will be available in more
than 40 countries. (Applause) Apple Pay has also made
riding transit easier and more convenient than ever before. Every day, millions of customers
in these cities use their iPhone or their Apple Watch to go
quickly through the turnstiles and get on their way. And I'm excited to tell you that
we are bringing Apple Pay to transit in major
cities in the U.S. starting right here on the west
coast with Portland and rolling out in Chicago and New
York City later this year. (Applause) So retail, transit apps,
on the Web, Apple Pay cash, there are so many ways to use
Apple Pay with its convenience, security, and privacy. And it's become the preferred
way to pay for almost anything. But we want to take the Apple
Pay experience even further. And we saw an opportunity to
transform another fundamental method of payment, and
that's the credit card. Now, with the success and
momentum of Apple Pay, we have learned a lot
about credit cards. While we all need them, there
are some things about the credit card experience that
could be so much better, like simplifying applications,
eliminating fees, lowering interest rates,
offering clear and compelling rewards, and, of course,
providing the security and the privacy that people have
come to expect for Apple Pay. By bringing together
our hardware, software, and services, we are going to
do all of this and so much more changing the entire
credit card experience. Today we are introducing a
brand-new service and we call it Apple Card. (Applause) Apple Card was created by Apple
and built on principles that we stand for like simplicity
and transparency and privacy. To tell you all
about Apple Card, I'm very pleased to
invite up Jennifer Bailey, Vice President of
Apple Pay. Jennifer. (Applause) >> JENNIFER BAILEY: Thank you. With Apple Card, we
have completely rethought the credit card. A new kind of card that takes
advantage of everything iPhone offers is designed for a
healthier financial life and sets a new level for
privacy and security. Apple Card is designed
to take advantage of the power of the iPhone. This means it can do all sorts
of things that no other credit card can do. For starters, you don't have
to wait days to get your card. Just sign up on your iPhone,
and in just minutes you get your Apple Card and you can
start using it right away. (Applause) You can use it worldwide
anywhere with Apple Pay, in apps, in stores, on the Web,
and your Apple Card will be available across all
of your Apple devices. Apple Card is also always with
you because it's in your iPhone in the Wallet app, and the
Wallet app has completely new capabilities, so you can see
everything you need to know about your Apple Card,
like what you have spent, how much you've spent,
and when your payment is due. We've also made it
really easy to get help. With Apple Card, if
you have a question, just text us
right from Messages. Everything from getting details
on a transaction to letting us know your new address, it's
as easy as messaging a friend. (Applause) Next, we've taken on an
important challenge with Apple Card to help everyone live
a healthier financial life. It starts with having a better
understanding of your spending so you can make smarter
choices with your money. Many of you looking at your
credit card statements today might recognize seeing
transactions that look like this, cryptic merchant
names that are pretty hard to decipher. With Apple Card, we use Machine
Learning and Apple Maps to transform this mess into
names and locations that you will recognize. (Applause) Apple Card also
automatically organizes and totals your purchases, so you
can see how much you've spent and exactly where you've
spent it with Apple Maps, and you can keep track of your
spending by categories like food and drink, shopping,
entertainment, and more. Where each category is
represented by its own color, like orange for food and drink,
and Apple Card also shows you how your spending is trending
week over week or month or month, so you can decide in real
time if you need to or want to change your spending. Next up, let's
talk about rewards. Most rewards
programs use points. With points, you are never quite
sure how much they are worth or where or when you can use them. With Apple Card, we want you
to get the most for your money. So every time you spend with
Apple Card, you get cash back, and you get it every day. It's my favorite feature,
and we call it Daily Cash. (Applause) So when you are
buying your morning coffee, shopping for groceries, and any
time you pay using Apple Card, you get Daily Cash, not a
month from now, but every day. So every day you spend, cash is
added to your Apple Cash Card, which is also in the Wallet app. And it's cash, like real cash,
so you can do anything with it. Use it to pay down your balance,
spend it wherever you use Apple Pay, or send it to
friends using Messages. In fact, every time you pay
with your iPhone or Apple Watch, you will get 2% of the
purchase amount in Daily Cash. (Applause) And for purchases
made directly from Apple, like from our Apple Retail
stores, from our App Store, or when you purchase services
like Apple Music or News+, you get 3% Daily Cash. (Applause) And the amount of Daily Cash
that you can receive every day is unlimited. So that's Daily Cash. Every day, cash, for you. How great is that? (Applause) Another area where we can make
a really big impact in improving your financial health is helping
you understand how much you owe, and if you want to
pay it back over time, how much it will cost you. This is how most cards
show your payment options, with an emphasis
on minimum payments, which costs you a
fortune in interest, and seem to be designed
to keep you in debt. With Apple Card, our goal is
to help you save on interest, so we start by making it easy to
see a range of payment options. And because Apple Card
calculates interest in real time, as you select
different payment amounts, you can make a more informed
payment decision understanding the true cost. Another way to save on
interest is to pay more often, say, biweekly or weekly, so we
have added the flexibility to schedule more frequent payments. And when we thought about a
financially healthy credit card, all of the fees and high
interest rates that most banks charge are just not okay. So Apple Card does not
have any fees, no late fees, no annual fees, no international
fees, and no over limit fees. No fees. (Applause) And our goal with Apple Card is
to provide each customer with an interest rate that is among
the lowest in the industry. Even if you miss a payment, we
won't charge you a penalty rate like most banks do. Our goal is to make it easier
for you to pay down your balance, not harder. To create a credit
card, you need a bank, and to create a credit card
as innovative as Apple Card, we needed a bank that was
willing to do things that had never been done in
the industry before, so we partnered with Goldman
Sachs as the issuing bank of Apple Card. As a newcomer to
consumer financial services, Goldman was up for the
challenge of doing something more bold and innovative. We are also excited to be
working with MasterCard who has been a fantastic partner
on Apple Pay from the start. With MasterCard's
Global Payment Network, Apple Card will be
accepted all over the world. (Applause) We also designed Apple
Card to set a new level for privacy and security. Security is totally
integrated throughout the hardware and software. When you get your Apple Card, a
unique per device card number is created and stored
safely in the Secure Element, a special security
chip used by Apple Pay. Each payment includes a one‑time
dynamic security code which protects your card number
from being used without your authorization, and every
purchase is authenticated with Touch ID or Face ID. With all of these
security features, Apple Card is the
more secure way to pay. And Apple Card is designed
with your privacy in mind. We created a unique
architecture for Apple Card where Apple doesn't know what
you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid for it. So features like spend tracking
and categorization all happen using on device
intelligence, not on Apple servers. (Applause) And for Apple Card, Goldman
Sachs will never share or sell your data to third parties
for marketing or advertising. (Applause) So that's Apple Card, designed
for iPhone and a healthier financial life and sets a new
level for privacy and security. But that's not all. For those rare times when you
happen to be somewhere where Apple Pay is not yet
accepted, we designed something for that, too. And, you know, when
we design something, we design it to be the best,
and we would like to show it to you now. (Music playing) (Applause) >> JENNIFER BAILEY: The card is
titanium and your name is laser etched on it. It's the most
beautifully designed card ever. And your Apple Card is
more secure than others. It has no card number, no CVV,
no expiration, and no signature. (Applause) Of course, if you ever
need that information, it's in the Wallet app. As I noted earlier, you will
receive 3% Daily Cash for purchases made
directly from Apple, 2% Daily Cash for Apple Pay, and
when you make a purchase with this beautiful titanium Apple
Card, you get 1% Daily Cash. (Applause) So that's Apple Card. There's never been a
credit card like it before. Apple Card will be coming to
the Wallet app in the U.S. this summer and we think
you are going to love it. Thank you. Back to you. (Applause) >> TIM COOK: Thanks,
Jennifer. Great! With our hardware,
software, and services, we think that Apple is uniquely
positioned to make the most significant change in the credit
card experience in 50 years, and we can't
wait to get started. Now, let's turn our
attention to the App Store. (Applause) Apps have reshaped the way
that we work, connect, learn, and play. From day one, the App Store has
been a safe and trusted place for users to
discover and download apps. We review every single
app before it goes live. We also have a team of expert
editors creating rich editorial content and curated
collections of the best apps. The App Store has become
the essential destination to discover new apps, to learn more
about the apps you already have, or just to meet the
developers behind them. It's no wonder that the App
Store is now visited by over a half a billion people each week. Now, the most popular category
on the App Store is games. In fact, iOS has become
the largest gaming platform in the world. (Applause) Now, we want to make
gaming even better. To tell you more about
what we have planned, I'm pleased to
bring up Ann Thai, Senior Product Marketing
Manager of the App Store. Ann. (Applause) >> ANN THAI: Thanks, Tim. Many games on the App Store
are not just hits but also cultural phenomena. You know about them regardless
of whether you have played them. They become part of pop culture
like the many Fortnite emotes we have seen on the playing field. And all of this is no surprise
when there have been over one billion people who have
downloaded games from the App Store. (Applause) The App Store supports a vibrant
gaming community of players of all ages and backgrounds from
around the world with a catalog of nearly 300,000 games. The App Store has
both free and paid games. Free games are either supported
by advertising or have in‑app purchases, like Clash Royale. These are incredibly popular and
hundreds of millions of people love playing them. With paid games, customers
pay up front for the full experience, like
Monument Valley 2. These games often have
incredible stories and capture your imagination with their
original art and music. They are some of the
most critically acclaimed games ever made. But competing with free is hard,
so these games haven't been as successful for developers and
they haven't been as easy to find for players. We think we have come up with a
great new way to bring more of these amazing games to more
people than ever before. We are working with some of the
most creative game developers in the world on a new kind of
service designed specifically for games like these, a service
that is giving them the freedom to do the best
work of their lives. We call it Apple Arcade. (Applause) Apple Arcade is the world's
first game subscription service for mobile, desktop,
and living room. With Apple Arcade, we
have carried a collection of brand-new games
that redefine games, and we are not
just curating them, we are backing their development
and our team is working closely with developers to
bring these games to life. We are really
excited about this, and so are the
creators we are working with. Let's hear from
some of them now. (Music playing) >> CHARLES CECIL: It's an
extraordinary time to be writing games. Beyond a Steel Sky is super
ambitious in that it's taking a full, high quality console
game directly to mobile. We are working with the
legendary comic book artist Dave Gibbons who
cocreated and drew Watchmen. The story, character
modeling, graphics, the audio, all of those come together to
create a game play experience that's completely immersive. >> SAM ROSENTHAL: Where Cards
Fall tells a very personal coming‑of‑age story that other
publishers wouldn't take a chance on. We are not shying away
from uncomfortable, formative experiences. We see the characters at school,
we see them at the homecoming dance, we see them have
a fight with their mom. It's really important
for us to be authentic. >> CEDRIC ADAMS: There's no
guns, there's no killing. We're just telling a story. We are almost the complete
opposite of the current market, and most people typically
wouldn't see it unless Apple Arcade existed. >> DENIS MIKAN: We wanted
Lifelike to have a calming effect on players. I'm not aware of another game
that uses swarm behavior as its main game mechanic. This fascinating beauty was
inspired by natural phenomenon. We just simply don't want to be
responsible for adding another layer of chaos into the world. >> BEKAH SALTSMAN: Overland is
a post-apocalyptic road trip strategy game. The cool thing about it is every
time you play, it's different. You never know what people
you're going to meet or what places you're going to go. We're really excited that Apple
was doing this platform because people have iPads,
people have iPhones, and that means bringing a
whole new audience to games. That's awesome. >> MALE SPEAKER: Apple Arcade
is like the perfect avenue for expanding creativity. >> BEKAH SALTSMAN: For us,
it was like, ah, finally, finally someone who gets it. >> DENIS MIKAN: Apple Arcade is
all about giving developers the freedom to come up with really
interesting ideas that could never have been
done by the mainstream. Everything is changing. (Applause) >> ANN THAI: These
developers are some of the greatest storytellers
and artists in the world. From immersive AR to
ground-breaking multiplayer, they are creating games that
have never been possible before. These games are insanely fun
and will appeal to the kid in all of us. And with Apple Arcade, you will
get to play all of these games. With a single subscription, you
will get access to over 100 new and exclusive games that
will raise the bar for what's possible in gaming. You won't find these games on
any other mobile platform or in any other subscription service. So how will you
get to Apple Arcade? Apple Arcade will be a new area
right on the App Store with its own dedicated tab. Rather than pay up
front for each game, your subscription will allow you
to download and play any Apple Arcade game from the App Store. And we will be adding
new games all of the time. With full access to this
amazing collection of new games, you will have the freedom
to try whatever you want whenever you want. You will be able to play Apple
Arcade games across iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple TV, and
pick up where you left off in a game even if you switch devices. And unlike streaming services,
every game will be playable offline, so you can play
anywhere regardless of your Internet connection. (Applause) All Apple Arcade games
will be all you can play, so all game features,
content, and future updates will be included. There will be no adds and no
additional purchases needed, and parents can manage
kids' access with our screen time features. Like all of our
products and services, we've designed Apple Arcade
to be a great experience. The App Store already works
hard to protect your privacy. With Apple Arcade, we are
taking it even further. Apple Arcade games cannot
collect any data about you nor track any information about how
you play their games without your consent. Also, Apple Arcade will be
curated by our team of expert editors, offer
personalized recommendations, and your family will
be able to enjoy it for no additional charge. (Applause) We really think you are
going to love Apple Arcade, a game subscription
service unlike any other. You will enjoy over 100 amazing
new and exclusive games and more games will be
added all of the time. So, who is ready to see more
of these incredible games? (Applause) Here is a sneak peek of
some of the games coming to Apple Arcade. (Music playing) (Applause) Apple Arcade will be available
this fall in over 150 countries and regions around the world. Pricing and more
details to come. And that's a sneak
peek of Apple Arcade. (Applause) >> TIM COOK: Thank you, Ann. I can't wait until
all of us can play. Now, let's talk about TV. (Applause) For over a decade, we have
been bringing you innovative TV experiences from the first TV
shows that you could download right to your iPod to the
best-in-class cinematic picture and sound quality of
today's Apple TV 4K. We have done it
because we love TV. TV is more than
just entertainment. It's cultural. TV, at its best, enriches our
lives and we can share it with people that we love. Today there is so much to watch
in more ways than ever before. And with so many choices,
sometimes it's hard to know where to start. That's why we
created the Apple TV app. It's one place to easily
discover shows you will love from over 150 streaming
apps across your iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV 4K. In fact, our vision for Apple
TV app is to bring together your favorite shows,
movies, sports, and news, and make them available
on all of your devices, so you can spend less time
looking for something to watch and more time enjoying it. Today we are excited to show
you an all new Apple TV app. And to tell you all about it,
I'd like to invite up Peter Stern, Vice
President of Services. Peter. (Applause) >> PETER STERN: Thanks Tim. Let's start with what you watch. Beginning with movies, all of
the new releases and the massive iTunes movie
catalog, over 100, 000 titles plus your
personal library, are now all built
into the Apple TV app. If you love movies, the new
Apple TV app is now the place for you. Next, if you subscribe to cable
or satellite TV, like Spectrum, DirectTV, or Optimum, or one
of the new Internet Live TV providers, you can now access
all of your sports, news, and network TV right
inside the Apple TV app. For so many people, these cable
bundles are convenient because you can get access to hundreds
of channels for just one price. If you want it all,
there is no better way. But for some of us, the big
bundle is more than we need, so we designed a new TV
experience where you could pay for only the channels
you want, all in one app, with the password
you already have. Watch everything on
demand and ad‑free. Download your shows to
take with you anywhere. Enjoy the highest quality
picture and sound available. And share this great experience
with your entire family. This is how TV should work. (Applause) Now it does with
Apple TV channels. Only the channels you
want on-demand, ad‑free, for the entire family,
and all of it is inside the new Apple TV app. We are launching Apple TV
channels like HBO, Showtime, Starz, Epix, CBS All Access, and
everything else you see here, and we will be adding
even more around the world. So, to recap, whether you
get your TV from a live  streaming service like Prime
Video, Hulu, or ESPN Plus, movies from
iTunes, sports, news, and network TV from cable or
satellite, or shows from HBO, Showtime, and Starz with
the new Apple TV channels, it's all together in one
place, the Apple TV app. And because there is so much
to watch all in this one place, we have redesigned the Apple TV
app to make it even simpler to find what you love. Let's dig in. Your home in the Apple
TV app is watch now. Most of the time we watch TV,
we want to watch our show or tonight's game or maybe finish
the movie we started last night. That's where the up
next row comes in. All of these things you watch,
no matter where they come from, are here in up next. It makes it so easy to pick
up right where you left off. But what do you do when you are
all caught up on your shows? If you know what you want
to watch next, it's easy. Just use Siri. But if you don't know
what to watch, well, that's where the new
Apple TV app really shines. Our expert editors are like
that friend you have that always knows the best shows on TV. Every day they do the work for
you so you can just watch the good stuff. But when it comes to TV,
each of us is unique. That's why the new Apple TV
app is personalized for you. We use advanced Machine Learning
to understand what you like to watch from the subscriptions you
already have so we can help you find your next favorite show. And, of course, the new Apple
TV channels are available too, so when you subscribe to
a channel, like Showtime, everything from that
channel is in one place. It's so easy to browse, and you
can play all of it right inside the Apple TV app, no more
bouncing from app to app. (Applause) Moving beyond Watch Now, we
have also created a new home for movies, so you can buy or rent
iTunes movies like Bumblebee or you can watch Oceans 8 from your
new Apple channel subscription to HBO, all of your
favorite movies are here. The Apple TV app is also
great for sports fans. You can see current
games with live scores, check out tonight's match ups,
and even get notifications when your favorite team is
having a close game. To show you some of the cool new
stuff the Apple TV app can do, I would like to
bring out Cindy Lin, Director of Program
Management. Cindy. (Applause) >> CINDY LIN: Thanks, Peter. Hi, everyone. I am so excited to show
you the new Apple TV app. The app is right
here on my Home screen. Let's dive in. Everything I'm watching
is here in Up Next. I can pick up where I left off
in the Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, watch the next
episode of Project Runway, or finish watching Bumblebee. I get my cable from
Spectrum, and I also have Hulu and Prime Video. It's all right here
in the Apple TV app. There is so much to watch. When I want to
find something new, this is where the app
really helps me out. It's always getting
smarter about what I like. The recommendations in For You
are personalized just for me. I love Sandra Oh, and I
have been hearing so much about this show. I'm definitely adding this
to my Up Next to watch later. One of my favorite features
is this new way to browse TV. Swiping is just
like channel surfing, except every show here is
one I actually want to watch. And trailers play right here. >> JASON MAMOA: My father
was a lighthouse keeper. My mother was a queen. But life has a way of
bringing people together. >> CINDY LIN: I love Jason Momoa
in Game of Thrones and I can't wait to watch Aquaman. There is already so much here
and it's so easy to add even more with Apple TV channels. Everybody has been talking about
the new season of Billions on Showtime and I need
to get caught up. I can start my
free trial right here. It's just a couple of
clicks, and then I'm done. That's it! That was so easy! (Applause) Now, everything from Showtime is
here in the Apple TV app and I can start watching right away. There is nothing else to set up. I can skip the intro to
get right to the action. Okay, no spoilers. I'm going to pick this back
up again later from my Up Next. I have a 5‑year‑old son and
there is a brand-new kids' experience for us. All of my son's
favorite characters are here. There is Chase from Paw Patrol,
Daniel Tiger, and, of course, everyone from Sesame Street. There are so many episodes here,
even the ones that I watched as a kid. And whether we want
to learn something new, be inspired by other kids, or
just let our imaginations run wild, I love that we have a
safe place to explore together. (Applause) So that's a quick look
at the new Apple TV app. It's the best place to watch TV
on all of my devices and I can't wait for you to try it. Back to you, Peter. (Applause) >> PETER STERN: Thanks Cindy. Now, that you have seen
the new Apple TV app, you are going to want it
on all of your screens. You just saw it on Apple TV 4K. It looks and sounds
stunning on iPad. And everything you saw
is amazing on iPhone. So for all of those
moments in between, whether you are on your way to
work or just stealing a moment for yourself, all of your
shows are always with you. You will be able to
get this new experience, including Apple TV channels, on
all of these devices through a software update this May. And I'm so excited to tell you
that for the first time we are bringing the Apple TV
app to the Mac this fall. (Applause) And that's not all. We know you are going to want
this great experience on every screen in your home, so
we are doing something we've never done before. We are bringing the
Apple TV app to Smart TVs. (Applause) We're launching the same great
experience with Samsung this spring, followed by
Sony, LG, and Vizio, all of the biggest
names in Smart TVs, and we are even bringing the
Apple TV app to Roku and Amazon so everyone can have an Apple
TV experience on every screen. (Applause) Today the Apple TV app is
available in ten countries, but we are bringing the all-new
experience to our customers around the world in
over 100 countries. (Applause) The Apple TV app delivers
on all of these principles, including our commitment that
we won't share your personal information with anyone. (Applause) So that's the new Apple TV
app, your apps, movies, cable, the all new Apple TV
channels, all in one place on all of your screens. Back to you, Tim. (Applause) >> TIM COOK: Thank you, Peter. The new features of the
Apple TV app look really great. But we have even more to
contribute to the TV experience. Apple has always tried to
make the world a better place, and we believe deeply in
the power of creativity. Our products help people express
their creativity and to tell their stories because great
stories can change the world. Great stories can
move us and inspire us. They can surprise us and
challenge our assumptions. We feel we can contribute
something important to our culture and to society
through great storytelling, so we partnered with the most
thoughtful, accomplished, and award-winning group of
creative visionaries who have ever come together in one place
to create a new service unlike anything that's
been done before. Apple TV+. (Applause) We have two amazing people that
are running this effort for us, Zack Van Amburg
and Jamie Erlicht, and I'm very pleased to
introduce you to them now and ask them to tell
you all about this incredible new service. Guys. >> ZACK VAN AMBURG: Thanks, Tim. Thank you. Jamie and I are so excited to
be here with all of you today. As Tim said, great
stories can change the world, and that's because
great stories connect us, they connect us to each other,
they connect us to new ideas, and they even connect us
to new worlds and cultures we've never experienced. Now, that's important and it's
powerful and helps connect us to something bigger than
who we are as individuals. At Apple, we know that great
stories begin and end with the incredible
artists who tell them, the artists who are thoughtful
enough and brave enough to share their best story
with us and the world. >> JAMIE ERLICHT: We thought
you would like to meet a few of these exceptional artists as we
begin to share our vision for a new service dedicated to
the best stories ever told. We've asked a few of them to
speak about their inspiration and creative process, because
if we are going to contribute, inspire, challenge
assumptions, and change the world, we need to examine the
art of great storytelling and the mindset of the
greatest storytellers. Have a look. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: Want me
to help you find your opening? Well, I would do this. I would start with a black
screen and I would put a little speck of light in the
center of the black screen, and I would have the
light grow in intensity, and then like the Big
Bang, it explodes. >> J. J. ABRAMS:
Life often makes no sense. There is something about stories
that gives a sense of order and purpose to the world and allows
us to live other lives than the life we are living. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: The best
ideas that I've had have come to me when I have
least expected them. They're always intruders, but
they are welcome intruders. >> SOFIA COPPOLA: Once you
get an idea in your head, it just keeps nagging at
you until you express it. >> M. NIGHT SHYAMALAN: That's
the feeling of the idea that it just becomes irrational. There is a woman
sitting in a car in a field. Now I need to know
why she is sitting there. >> RON HOWARD: I begin to
believe that there's something of myself that I can
share with an audience. If I'm thrilled,
that's a good sign. If I'm laughing, that's
a good beginning. >> J. J. ABRAMS: It's the spark. It's the living with the thing. It's the outlining of it. >> SOFIA COPPOLA: I find
writing to be the hardest part. >> RON HOWARD: Writing and
rewriting for months or years. >> M. NIGHT SHYAMALAN: She dies. No, she lives. He dies. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: The
first draft, the second draft, the third draft, the fourth
draft, the fifth draft, the sixth draft, da‑da‑da‑da,
yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda. >> J. J. ABRAMS: Then you begin
to build the collaboration that will help you go on that voyage. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: You've got
to find the cast of your dreams. >> FEMALE SPEAKER: For every
character that I decide to do, I envision memories for them. I create the dimensions
of who this woman is. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Imagine if
you were this person and imagine if you lived in that world. >> RON HOWARD: You have to think
about the environment that the story exists in. How are you going to
create that environment? >> J. J. ABRAMS: What's
the look going to be? What's the tone? What's the palette? How is it going to work? The costumes, the
props, the set design. >> SOFIA COPPOLA:
Little by little, the elements start to
come together and build on each other. >> J. J. ABRAMS: It's
electric and amazing. The thing is becoming alive. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: You walk
onto the set and you smell this amazing aroma of
sawdust, wood, and plaster. >> JENNIFER ANNISTON: You just
sort of disappear into this fantasy world. >> J. J. ABRAMS: So then you
have to think, well, how are you going
to shoot this thing, because you're not going to
shoot a movie chronologically, so you're often starting
the movie shooting the most dramatic, most painful,
most agonizing scene first. >> RON HOWARD: My anxiety
often starts at about 3:00 in the morning. The wheels have started turning. There is an excitement
and a dread. >> DAMIEN CHAZELLE: You
definitely go in with a very
concrete sense of what you're aiming for,
then you have to be willing to throw it all away. >> HAILEE STEINFELD:
Nothing I'm doing is good. Nothing is working. >> M. NIGHT SHYAMALAN: The shot
goes up and it's not right, and that's, that's torture. >> J. J. ABRAMS: It's not a big
deal when it's just you and a pad of paper, but when it's
countless numbers of talented people who are
all waiting around and the sun is going away. >> SOFIA COPPOLA: You are under
so much time pressure and you are kind of holding your breath. >> M. NIGHT SHYAMALAN:
Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. >> J. J. ABRAMS: The pressure
is on and it's horrifying. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG:
Fear is good. At least for me, it's good. The fear of failure is a kind of
octane that keeps me wanting to stand on the edge of the abyss,
but at the same time not plunge to my career death. >> RON HOWARD: It's all
falling apart and then a new possibility appears. >> J. J. ABRAMS: There are those
moments when the actor is sitting there and she's doing
the thing, the thing that inspired you months,
sometimes years earlier. Everyone is quiet and the crew
is just focused and everyone has done their job to
get you to this moment. Somehow everything is in sync. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: There is
truth pumping through your veins and into the story
that you are telling. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: There is
no greater moment than that when you feel that you are really
cruising and you are one organism telling one story and
you're all telling it with each other's contributions. Nobody is telling it alone. >> J. J. ABRAMS: The sun
is in the perfect place. Like the birds go right where
you could never - like there are moments where you are
like it's impossible. >> J. J. ABRAMS: Finally,
you wrap the project, and then it goes out into the
world and you hope that all of these decisions
that you were part of, that you collaborated on, it
will move people and touch people in a way that it
seemed like it was inevitable. >> RON HOWARD: Nothing works if
the themes don't connect with the audience. They have to. >> DAMIEN CHAZELLE: Sharing
stories with one another makes
us feel less alone. >> REESE WITHERSPOON:
Everyone deserves to have their story be told. >> OCTAVIA SPENCER: That's what
makes us special is the tapestry of who we are as human beings. >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: To become
involved in someone else's life, that's the idea of
what a story should be. A story should make you
forget your surroundings, it should make you forget
your agenda, your day, and hopefully makes
you forget yourself. (Applause) (Cheers and Applause) >> STEVEN SPIELBERG: Thank you. Well, I'm so
grateful to be here today. This is my first time at Apple. You know, the place where
imagination and technology join forces to change the
world through sight and sound and touch. Now, my first encounter with
science fiction came from an anthology magazine
called Amazing Stories, and this magazine had been
in existence for since 1926. And my father had devoured
it when he was a boy, and when I was a little
kid, he read this to me, and the stories he read me were,
as the title promised, amazing, or so it seemed
to a 5‑year‑old me. And it's relatively easy to
inspire amazement in the head and heart of a child. Kids enter into the booming
confusion of life with a prodigious capacity for
amazement, and that amazement, that capacity is a
human birth right. It's our inheritance. It's how our interaction with
the marvelous world around us gets sparks flying
across our brains. And thanks to the visionary and
inventive folks here at Apple, my Amblin team and I, are
going to be resurrecting this 93‑year‑old brand and offering
to multigenerational audiences a whole new batch of Amazing
Stories and we want to transport the audience with every episode. Like the World War II pilot
whose plane magically travels through space and time from the
past and into the present day. Who will he meet? Can he return? Does he want to? What happens if he doesn't? It's the universal human
trait to search for meaning, so in these
disconnected stories, we think the audience will find
that one compelling narrative that will make the first season
of Amazing Stories into a single thematic experience for them
and I hope for all of you, too. Thank you. (Cheers and Applause) >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Thank you! >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Thank you! Thank you, guys. This is so exciting. Reese and I are so proud to be
a part of this exciting launch with Apple, officially
announcing our new project, The Morning Show. (Applause) >> REESE WITHERSPOON:
So, in The Morning Show, we pull back the curtain on the
power dynamics between men and women in the high-stakes
world of morning news shows. It's a real insider's view into
the lives of the people who help America wake up every day. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: And through
the prism of those under-slept, over-adrenalized people behind
and in front of the camera, we take an honest look at the
complex relationships between women and men in the
workplace, and we engage in the conversation people are a little
too afraid to have unless they are behind closed doors. >> STEVE CARELL: Hello? Am I late? Hi, guys. Hey. >> JENNIFER ANISTON:
Ah, get out here. >> REESE WITHERSPOON:
Yeah. Yeah. >> JENNIFER ANISTON:
Steve Carell. >> REESE WITHERSPOON:
Steve, get over here. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Hi, Steve. >> STEVE CARELL: Hi. I just, I saw the two of you on
screen up there and I didn't
know if it was my turn or not. >> REESE WITHERSPOON:
Oh, yeah. Okay. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: No, no,
Steve, we have to tell you, we are so thrilled that you
are a part of the show because, honestly, you can't have
an honest look at complex relationships between men
and women with just women. >> STEVE CARELL: Well, I am just
happy to provide the manliness. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Yes, the
Morning Show is seen through the eyes of two ambitious,
aspirational female characters. >> STEVE CARELL: And
a prominent male. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Yes. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Yes,
a prominent male character. Yes. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Yeah. Steve, why don't you say
something about your character? He's very bold and very dynamic. >> STEVE CARELL: Yes. But even more importantly,
Jen, he's bold and dynamic. He has a lot of gravitas. He is a great listener. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Yeah. >> STEVE CARELL:
He is also relatable and extremely handsome. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Yes. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Okay. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: Extremely. >> STEVE CARELL: His colleagues
love him and America loves him. He also ‑‑ >> REESE WITHERSPOON: He is
surrounded by an exciting ensemble of other characters all
from the very brilliant mind of Kerry Ehrin, our
writer producer. >> STEVE CARELL: She created ‑‑ (Applause) Incidentally, she created a very
bold, dynamic character for me. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: She did. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Steve, is
there anything else that you want to add? >> STEVE CARELL: No. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: Okay. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: The
Morning Show is a high-velocity thrill-ride in which we pose
questions without easy answers and shine a light on the fault
lines in our society at this very complicated
cultural moment. >> JENNIFER ANISTON: All of
this and the chance for us to collaborate again has brought
me back to television and I'm really excited about it. (Applause) So we can't wait to show
all of you what we have been cooking up. >> REESE WITHERSPOON: So be
on the lookout for The Morning Show. (Cheers and Applause) >> JASON MOMOA: Surprise! Thank you. Woo! I am ‑‑ we are so
thankful to be here. I'm pretty stoked! I'd like to try something
with everyone, so, please, close your eyes
just for a moment. Just close them. I want you to
experience something. Try to think about the
world this way, heard, touched, smelled, sensed,
but without sight. Imagine every human experience
available to you, love, joy, discovery, terror,
despair, and hope. Imagine it was all experienced
this way, heard, touched, smelled, taste
even, but not seen. Now open your eyes. And let me spoil this a little
bit, you have no idea what that
would be like. Neither do I. Being blind isn't something
that can get turned on and off. It's a part of who you are. It's a part of your soul. And now while you are at
it, imagine a world evolved, designed, and built to be
experienced without sight. We did. And it yielded the
world, the world of See. >> ALFRE WOODARD: From the
unfettered imagination of Steven Knight, See takes place in a
world in which the earth was devastated by a virus that left
only a few million survivors, and those survivors,
each and every one of them, emerged blind. Our story begins centuries later
at which point the human race has existed for so long without
sight it's disputed whether such a thing ever existed. In this world, we are
going to have our evil queens, brave heroes, and
thrilling adventure. But beyond the adventure, See
will ask questions you may have already started asking
yourselves just now with your eyes closed. How much of my experience
of the world is visual? Without sight, would
it change who I am? This is a world
constructed unlike any you have ever experienced. See is a journey wherein we may
discover something entirely new about ourselves,
about our world. As a result, we cannot wait for
you to join us on this journey. (Applause) >> KUMAIL NANJIANI: Hi. Thank you. I grew up in Karachi, Pakistan. >> AUDIENCE: Woo woo. >> KUMAIL NANJIANI: Okay. Pakistan is in the house. Hi. What I knew of America, I had
learned from Hollywood movies and American TV Shows. So when I was moving to America
at the age of 18, I was excited. I was excited about the idea
of being dwarfed by skyscrapers that would loom above the
horizon to herald my arrival. Then I landed in Iowa. Okay, Iowa is here too. And I thought this is
very different from the America in movies. You don't -- you guys don't lead
with that America, you know. I had missed the one movie that
would have prepared me for that America, Iowa, Field of Dreams. Did not see that one. I was like this is
false advertising. This is not the
America I was promised. I was one of two Pakistanis
at the college I went to, but I found common
ground with people. My love of Springsteen, their
curiosity about how to say various swear words in Urdu. She could help you out, too. I once made a huge pot of this
Pakistani beef stew called Haleem and I misread the recipe
and put in twice the amount of chili powder. I lost a lot of
friends that day. They didn't, like, die. They just wished they were dead. Eventually, I moved to Chicago,
and I did what every American does, I struggled to pay
rent, fell in love, got jobs, lost jobs, got a cat, burned
food, disappointed my parents, and tried to figure out
what to do with my life. Normal, everyday life stuff. When people defend immigration,
they focus on the exceptionality of immigrants. Albert Einstein
was an immigrant. Joseph Pulitzer
was an immigrant. While those stories are
inspiring and valuable, we wanted to focus on
the immigrants doing everyday life stuff. Little America is an anthology
series inspired by the true stories of
immigrants in the U.S. Here is the thing,
it's not about telling like immigrant stories. These are human stories
that feature immigrants. When you get to know someone and
start to see your struggles and their struggles, your
passions and theirs, your problems and theirs,
they stop being the other. I, along with my partners,
Emily Gordon, Lee Eisenberg, Allen Yang at Epic Magazine,
wanted to make a show that did just that, because, ultimately,
we are all looking for the same thing, food,
home, meaning, love. Like the emotional story of a
young Indian boy living in Utah whose parents achieved the
American dream of running their own motel until they
were suddenly deported. Twelve year old, Kumail, wasn't
going to let his parents' dream
die, so this young boy secretly ran
the motel for the next ten years on his own while simultaneously
plotting his quest to get his parents back to the U.S. Okay, true story. He competed in the national
spelling bee so that he could meet First Lady Laura
Bush and ask for help, and he came in 13th and he
actually got to meet her. He did! (Applause) I know you guys are like 13th
doesn't sound that impressive, but he was running a
motel at the time, too, and he speaks a
whole other language. (Applause) Did Laura Bush help him? Tune in to find out. Little America will cover the
full range of human emotions. Some episodes are funny,
some are romantic, some are thrilling. They feature immigrants from
Iran, Syria, Nigeria, Mexico, and more, and are set all over
America from Texas to Oklahoma to California. The majority of the writers and
directors are either immigrants or the children
of immigrants. Yeah. (Applause) On set, one of our
actors said to Emily, I have been acting for decades,
but I have never gotten to be in every scene. How awesome is that? We hope Little America will help
viewers understand that there is no such thing as the other. There is only us, which is why
at this moment in history we are excited that we get to
tell these stories with Apple. Connecting
humanity is in their DNA. The immigrant dream
is the American dream. Connecting through our
stories will give us a better understanding of each other, an
understanding that allows us to live together, eat
each other's food, maybe learn some fun
new ways of swearing, and that is the
America I was promised. We can't wait for you to
see our Little America. Thank you. (Applause) >> BIG BIRD: Hello there! Ha ha ha. Hi, it’s me. In case you don't know
who I am, I'm Big Bird. I think I'm in the right place
to meet my new friend Cody, but I'm not sure. She gave me
directions to get here. She said, first, turn
right at Hooper's store, then take a left at
Oscar's trash can, and then keep going straight
until you see Apple Park. I love circles, by the way. So, where is she? >> CODY: Here I am, Big Bird. Hi, everybody! >> BIG BIRD: Hi, Cody. >> CODY: Hi, how are you doing? >> BIG BIRD: I'm great. >> CODY: Hi, Big Bird. >> BIG BIRD: Hey, thanks
for helping me get here. >> CODY: That's
what I do, Big Bird. I'm a Helpster, a monster
who loves to help. Hey, I'm glad you are here
because I wanted to tell you and everyone here some
very special news. >> BIG BIRD: Okay,
let's hear it! >> CODY: Yeah? Well, the peeps at Sesame
Workshop and Apple have teamed up to make an incredible new
preschool show starring me. It's called Helpsters. (Applause) >> BIG BIRD: Oh. >> CODY: Yeah. See? Oh, thank you. Oh, gosh. I've never had a livestream
clap for me before. See, helping is my
favorite thing to do. My Helpster friends and I just
love to help anyone with any problem no matter
how large or small, from making instruments for a
band to teaching a friend how to fly their first kite. And you know how we do it? >> BIG BIRD: How? >> CODY: We use the big ideas
behind coding to solve problems. >> BIG BIRD: You don't say. >> CODY: I do say. >> BIG BIRD: Well, do you
think you could help teach me? >> CODY: I already did. You know those
directions I gave you? >> BIG BIRD: Yeah. >> CODY: Well, directions
are one of the building blocks of coding. See, coding
fosters collaboration, critical‑thinking skills, and is
an essential language that every child can learn. By teaching
preschoolers about coding, we are giving them the
opportunity to change the world, world, world, world. You know, in their
own special way. Oh, and did I mention
we also have cool music and funky dance moves? Boy, I want to watch that show. >> BIG BIRD: Oh, and you are
helping kids grow up to be smarter, stronger, and kinder. >> CODY: And more creative, too. We just want to make a
difference in children's lives just like how you and all of
your friends on Sesame Street have done for all of these nice
people when they were kids and continue to do today. >> BIG BIRD: Oh. >> CODY: Yep. >> BIG BIRD: Oh, well,
that's pretty cool. >> CODY: It sure is, Big Bird. Okay, so do you remember
those directions to get home? >> BIG BIRD: I think so. Do you want to come with me? >> CODY: Of course. Let's go. >> BIG BIRD: Okay. Bye‑bye, everybody. >> CODY: Bye, everybody! (Applause) (Cheers and applause) >> J.J. ABRAMS: Hello. Thank you. Thank you. I feel incredibly lucky to be
here today to get a chance to collaborate with Sara whose
music has moved me for years and with Apple is an actual thrill. >> SARA BAREILLES: A couple of
years ago I ran into JJ and we talked about my experiences
as a singer/songwriter, the struggles, the
drama, the insanity, and he asked if I had ever
thought about creating a series about that world. I had not at all. But I heard myself say,
yes, JJ, of course, I have. >> J.J. ABRAMS: Sara
Bareilles is a liar. That's the message I hope
to communicate today. We brought in Jesse Nelson,
Sara's writing partner on the musical Waitress. We talked about music, but
also about that terrifying, thrilling, absurdly wonderful,
and often embarrassing time, when as a young person you
venture out into the world for the first time. >> SARA BAREILLES: So this was
the beginning of our new series Little Voice, a funny, romantic
show about the reality of what is hard and wonderful and
transformative about being a young woman who has to
ultimately find her voice as an artist but also as a
person through music. >> J.J. ABRAMS: Sara, of
course, might be lying to you. >> SARA BAREILLES: Okay. I'm not lying. The main character is a
promising flawed young woman, a musician living in New York in
and around a vibrant community of young hopeful
artists, family and friends, soulmates and band mates,
learning to find herself and her own true voice. >> J.J. ABRAMS: Anyone who has
ever given everything they have to go after a dream will feel
like this show was written for them, and how lucky for the
series that Sara is not just a creator and producer
but also composer. >> SARA BAREILLES: The
theme song says it all. (Applause) >> SARA BAREILLES: (Singing) It's everything I am
and what I'm not and all I'm trying to be. This is the part where I spit it
all out and you decide what you think of me. I'm not trying
to be complicated. I'm never waiting
to get the last laugh. But I've been handing
out benefits of the doubt, and I'd like a little bit back. It's just a little voice. And if you're listening,
sometimes a little voice can say the biggest things. It's just my little voice
that I've been missing. Looking over the precious
moments, it hurts, don't it? They can cut both ways. So my savior of
self-defense taught me to sing what I can't say. It's just a little voice. And if you're listening,
sometimes a little voice can say the biggest things. It's just my little voice
that I've been missing. It's just my little voice
that I've been missing. (Applause) >> ZACK VAN AMBURG:
That was beautiful. Incredible. Thank you, Sara. Sara Bareilles. As you can imagine, we are
honored to be working with such amazing and talented people,
and that's just the beginning. We've partnered with the most
accomplished storytellers as well as a new generation of
the most exciting voices who together will define Apple TV+
as the destination with the highest quality originals. (Applause) The original shows and movies
will intellectually challenge and thrill, define and redefine
our expectations, inspire us, make us laugh, transform our
mood and brighten our day, but make us believe
anything is possible, from documentaries to dramas,
from kids to comedies, the highest
quality of storytelling in one single place. This is Apple TV+. (Applause) (Music playing) >> MALE SPEAKER: Stand by three. Stand by one. Make your move. >> FEMALE SPEAKER: Seven. >> FEMALE SPEAKER 2: Ready? >> FEMALE SPEAKER: Six. >> FEMALE SPEAKER
2: Yeah, I'm ready. >> FEMALE SPEAKER: Five,
four, three, two, one. >> JASON MOMOA: This is
where we build our new home. (Cheers and Applause) >> ZACK VAN AMBURG: It's great. Thank you. Thank you. So, that's a first
look at Apple TV+. It's not just
another streaming service. It is the destination where the
world's greatest storytellers will bring their
best ideas to life. And you will be able to
experience all of these original shows and movies right on
the dynamic new Apple TV app. And the TV app will deliver
Apple TV+ across all of your Apple devices and the
biggest screen in your life, on Smart TVs. So here is a few more details. Apple TV+ is an ad‑free
subscription service. It's on-demand,
available online and offline. Everything is downloadable. The best in entertainment with
exclusive original movies and shows, with new
additions every single month. It's available in
100-plus countries. It's a global service. And it's all starting this fall. Apple TV+ will define
commitment to quality storytelling, all in
one place, on every screen in your life. >> JAMIE ERLICHT: We are so
excited to share our vision of Apple TV+ and can't wait for you
to experience it for yourself. Thank you, and back to Tim. >> ZACK VAN AMBURG:
Thanks, everybody. (Cheers and Applause) >> TIM COOK: Thank you. Love it! Thank you, Zack and Jamie. Apple TV+ looks incredible and
we think that it will encourage new ways of
looking at the world. This is just a sneak
peek, the beginning of something very exciting. The opportunity to work with all
of these exceptional artists is truly inspiring. Each will bring their own
unique perspective to the stories they tell. Now, we have one more remarkable
storyteller to share with you this morning, one whose voice
illustrates how powerful stories can change lives
and change the world. (Music playing) (Applause) >> OPRAH WINFREY: Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Hi, everybody! Thank you. (Cheers and Applause) Okay. Hi. There has never been a
moment quite like this one. We have this unique opportunity
to rise to our best selves in how we use and choose
to use both our technology and our humanity. We are all at a crossroads where
we get to decide if we want to reach beyond the borders of
our heart and mind to face the daunting challenges of our time. Each of us comes to this earth
with a deep potential that yearns to be fulfilled
with a love to be set free. We all crave connection. We search for common ground. We want to be heard, but we
also need to listen, to open, be open, and contribute in order
to harness our hopes and dreams and to heal our divisions. That's why I have
joined forces with Apple. (Cheers and Applause) Because they are the
company that has reimagined how we communicate. I've joined in order to serve
this moment because the Apple platform allows me to do
what I do in a whole new way, to take everything I've learned
about connecting to people to the next level. Because they are in a
billion pockets, y'all, a billion pockets. The whole world has got
them in their hands, and that represents a
major opportunity to make a genuine impact. So I am proud and honored to
be a part of this new platform where I can connect with
people around the world to share meaningful ways to
create positive change. My intention is to illuminate
consciousness and to build greater awareness through
compelling conversations with newsmakers, with
leaders, with artists, with people in
all walks of life. I want to reach that sweet spot
where insight and perspective, truth and tolerance
actually intersect. So I have two documentaries
in the works right now, one exploring the toll of
sexual harassment, assault, and violation in the workplace. The working
title is Toxic Labor. The other, yet unnamed,
multipart series focuses on mental health and how the
scourge of depression and anxiety, post‑traumatic
stress, addiction, trauma and loss is just
devastating lives daily across the globe. And what I know is if
we do our jobs right, we are going to replace shame
and we are going to replace stigma with wisdom, with some
compassion, and with honesty. (Applause) And now for what
I love the most. For me, there is nothing more
thrilling than being transported by a brilliant book. Nothing. The only thing actually more
gratifying than an extraordinary read is being able to share
that experience with others, and we are going to do just
that by building the biggest, the most vibrant, the
most stimulating book club on the planet. (Applause) It is a club --
listen to this -- imagine, where Apple Stores stream a
conversation with the author and me live across all
devices, across all borders, uniting people to stories that
remind us that no matter who you are or where you are
from, every man, woman, and child looks up in
awe at the same sky. So I want to literally convene a
meeting of the minds connecting us through books. For as long as I can remember, I
have had this dream that for us all to someday realize that
deep potential that we are each born to. It abides in every soul. I know this to be true. And my deepest hope is that we
all humans get to become the fullest version of
ourselves as human beings, to join in the mission and
vision for our common good, to leave this world
more enlightened, kinder, and better than we found it,
and to move together one billion plus strong into a
future of our own design all connected through Apple. (Applause) Thank you. Thank you. >> TIM COOK: Thank you, Oprah. (Cheers and Applause) Thank you. I will never forget this. All right. Okay. Oprah joins these
amazingly passionate and award-winning artists. These are people who we
admire for their unique voices, incredible
creativity, and wonderfully
diverse perspectives. They have impacted
our culture, society, and we are so excited and so
humbled to be working with them. We can't wait to hear all of the
incredible stories that they are going to tell. What a fun morning! (Cheers and Applause) From everything
we've shared with you, you can see how important these
services are for us and for all of the ways they extend the
experiences of our customers even further. They entertain, inspire,
inform, and enrich our lives. Because at Apple, the customer
is and always will be at the center of everything that we do. (Applause) Now, before I close, I'd like
everyone from Apple that worked so hard in making today possible
to stand up so that we can recognize you. (Applause) They've sacrificed a lot
to get us to this day, and I sincerely thank you. It's amazing the privilege of a
lifetime that I have to be able to work with all of them. I want to thank
everyone for coming. I want to thank all of the
artists that came out today and shared time with
us, and most of all, thank you to all of the folks
watching, our customers. Thank you! Bye‑bye! (Applause) (Music playing) >> FEMALE SPEAKER:
Don't stay up too late. >> MALE SPEAKER: Come on. >> MALE SPEAKER: All right. >> MALE SPEAKER: Yes. >> MALE SPEAKER: Woo. This is good. (Music playing) (Applause) >> TIM COOK: Wow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning. And welcome to WWDC 2019. (Applause) It is so great to be here
with you today in San Jose. We are so inspired by the
millions of incredible Apple Developers
around the world. Your dreams and your
passion and dedication to fulfill those dreams comes
across so clearly in the apps that you create, apps
that enrich the lives of millions of people
around the world. You make the world a
better place and that is why we are here
this morning. So, welcome to WWDC. (Applause) WWDC is more vibrant than
ever with attendees from more countries and more
first-time attendees than ever. In fact, for most of you
in the audience this morning, this is your
first WWDC, so, welcome. (Applause) Apple makes - Apple makes
the best products in the world, products that
integrate world class hardware with world class
software and a growing collection of world class
services to deliver experiences unlike
anyone else out there. In March, we held an event
to talk about our services and introduce you to some
brand-new Apple services. We launched Apple News+
which offers a beautifully designed experience for
more than 300 popular magazines, digital
publications and newspapers. There is no service out
there quite like this. I love it. And if you haven't tried
it, I encourage you to do so. (Applause) We also announced Apple
Arcade, the world's first game subscription service
for mobile desktop and living room featuring over
100 new games from some of the most innovative game
developers in the world. Apple Arcade will be
available later this year. And we introduced Apple
Card which will completely reinvent the credit
card experience. Apple Card will be
available this summer. And we announced Apple TV+
which is a new home for the world's most
creative storytellers. Now, while the service
doesn't launch until fall, we thought it would be
really fun this morning to share with you a sneak
peek of just one of our upcoming show from Ron
Moore, the executive producer behind Battle
Star Galactica and Star Trek. With his new series, Ron
wanted to take us on a journey in which the
space race was a little different than you
might remember it. And it has never ended. So, let's take a first
look at For All Mankind. (Applause) (Music playing) >> MALE SPEAKER: I believe
that this nation should commit itself to landing
a man on the moon and returning him
safely to the earth. >> MALE SPEAKER: After
thousands of years gazing up in the heavens and
dreaming of this day, a man is about to set
foot on the moon. >> MALE SPEAKER: Across
the world, people wait with bated breath. >> MALE SPEAKER:
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a live signal. There he is. The shock across the
nation at this event is just indescribable. The Soviet cosmonaut has
become the first to set foot on the moon. >> MALE SPEAKER: I thought
it was about being first. It turns out the stakes
are much bigger than that. >> MALE SPEAKER:
Get back to work. >> MALE SPEAKER: We are
still in this thing. >> MALE SPEAKER: Change
of plans, gentlemen. There is water
on the moon. This race will be ours
to fight for and to win. And we are not
stopping there. Moon Lab. >> MALE SPEAKER: We need
to accelerate the base. >> MALE SPEAKER:
You are going to be an astronaut candidate? >> FEMALE SPEAKER: No, I'm
going to be an astronaut. >> MALE SPEAKER: We will
go to Mars, Saturn, the stars, the galaxy. >> MALE SPEAKER:
Drifting right. Watch it. >> MALE SPEAKER: Eagle,
this is Houston. Do you copy? >> MALE SPEAKER: This is
not the end of the race. We must keep our
eyes to the future. >> Three, two - (Applause) >> TIM COOK:
Wasn't that great? I've gotten an early look
at the entire season and I loved it, and I think
you are going to too. We can't wait to show you
this series and our other original shows
coming up this fall. Now, Apple TV+ will be
available on the Apple TV app which is across all
of your screens including your Smart TVs. And, of course, the best
way to enjoy this content is with AppleTV 4K which
offers an immersive cinematic experience
delivering the highest picture quality of any
streaming device out there. Apple TV is powered by tvOS,
and tvOS is just one of the software platforms that we
are here to talk about today. So, let's get going. (Applause) I'm excited to share with
you this morning how we are going to make tvOS
even more entertaining and more personal. We completely redesigned
the Home screen, making Apple TV come to life from
the moment that you turn it on with full screen
previews of the best TV shows and newly
released movies. Apple TV is designed to be
used for the whole family, but we wanted to make
it even more personal. Today, the Up Next list
has a mix of shows for everyone in the home, but
when you sit down to watch TV, you want to see the
shows that you love. So, we are introducing
multiuser support for tvOS. (Applause) Now, everyone in the home
gets their own Up Next list plus personalized
recommendations for new shows and movies to enjoy. Now, and it's easy to
switch between family members using the all
new Control Center. It works just like you
would expect it to. TvOS also delivers Apple
Music with over 50 million songs and curated music
video play lists. And now, with multiuser
support, everyone in the home gets their own
personalized music experience. You are going to be able
to see lyrics to your favorite songs in
sync with the music. This is really cool. (Applause) This is the best music
experience on television. Now, Apple Arcade is also
going to look amazing on the AppleTV 4K this fall. Playing great games like
Ocean Horn 2, of course, is even better with great
game controllers so we are extending support to two
of the best and most popular game
controllers available. Xbox 1S. (Applause) Yes. And PlayStation
DualShock 4. (Applause) Yeah. I think there is a few
PlayStation fans out there. Finally, let's talk about
our beautiful screensavers. We have already captured
some of the most stunning locations around the globe
and even some from outer space through our
collaboration with the International
Space Station. This year, we are
going under the sea. Oh, it's awesome. (Applause) We've partnered with BBC
Natural History unit to shoot beautiful 4K HDR
footage, taking you to places that few people
have ever experienced before. So, that's the new tvOS. More personal and more
entertaining than ever. (Applause) Now, let's talk
about Apple Watch. (Applause) Yeah. Apple Watch is the number
one watch in the world. It keeps you connected to
the people and information you care about just by
raising your wrist. It tracks your workouts
and motivates you to stay active throughout the day. And with new breakthrough
features like fall detection, heart
notifications and ACG, the Apple Watch has truly
become an intelligent guardian for your health. For so many of us, the
Apple Watch has become an essential part of
our daily life. Today, we are going to
take another leap forward with the watchOS to bring
new experiences to Apple Watch while enhancing the
ones that you already love. To tell you all about it,
I would like to invite Kevin Lynch to the stage. Kevin. (Applause) >> KEVIN LYNCH:
Thank you, Tim. Good morning. So excited to be here. We're thrilled at how
Watch is making such a difference in so
many people's lives. This is driving us to make
Watch even more powerful and more personal for you. Let's start with
Watch faces. Now, these are something
you interact with most every day and we have more
Watch faces this year since the very
first Apple Watch. (Applause) From simply beautiful to
richly detailed, let's take a look at
a few of these. First, we have the
gradient face which is smoothly animating
with the time. Then we have this large
Numerals face showing the current hour in multiple
languages and the very modern digital face
showing you a great look in multiple colors and
then the California dial, classic design
for a Watch face. Now, many of these
faces you can add more information to, such as
adding rich complications here right on the
California dial. Then we have
the solar face. This visualizes the sun's
24-hour path around the dial and you can see it
changing during the day or as you rotate
the Digital Crown. These are just beautiful. (Applause) Now, across all of the
Watch faces, we are introducing taptic chimes. And when enabled, on the
hour, you will feel a silent taptic on your
wrist and if sound is on, you will hear an audible
chime like this. Yes, that's a bird song. It's actually a robin
captured at Apple Park. I mean, it was
recorded in Apple Park. (Laughter) The robins are okay. (Applause) Now, let's talk
about apps. Now, these are designed
for quick interactions on Watch. First, we are bringing
more Apple apps to Watch. The new Audiobooks app to let you listen to Apple Books and Voice Memos so you can
easily record your thoughts. (Applause) And calculator. (Applause) And check this out; it
also includes the ability to do tip calculations,
including the ability to split the bill
with friends. (Applause) Now, we are also giving
developers great new tools and APIs to build great
apps for Apple Watch. And we are now making it
possible to create apps that run independently
on the Watch, no longer requiring a
companion iPhone app. (Applause) And now you can get
extended time to access sensor data and complete
sessions like physical therapy with Kya or
brushing your teeth with Colgate or
meditating with Calm. And watchOS 6 now enables
the streaming audio API so you can go with just
your Watch and you can stream great content
like Podcasts, music, live sports games. So, with new developer
tools and a new native UI framework coming this
year, we are enabling a whole new generation
of apps for Watch. Now, to make it easier
for you to discover these apps, we are excited to bring
the App Store to Apple Watch. (Applause) You can browse apps
curated by our editorial team or find favorite apps
like Head Space or Carrot Weather or Streaks,
the Nike Run Club. You can search the full
App Store using dictation or scribble or
just asking Siri. And you can view product
pages to see information like the app description,
reviews, screenshots. And finally, you can
purchase and install an app directly
on your Watch. (Applause) So, discovering and using
apps at Apple Watch is going to be better than
ever with the App Store and these really
great developer tools. Now, we are also adding
new health and fitness capabilities and to tell
you about some of these, I would like to invite to
the stage Dr. Sumbul Desai, our VP of Health, to the stage. Sumbul? (Applause) >> SUMBUL DESAI:
Thanks, Kevin. Apple Watch is an amazing
health and fitness partner, and in watchOS 6
we are adding even more features to empower you to
better manage your health starting with activity. Being physically active is
one of the most important things you can do
for your health. If it were a prescription,
it would actually be one of the most prescribed
medicines in the world. The Activity app on Apple
Watch already motivates you to stay active. It also lets you know
how active you are every single day, but knowing
how active you are over the long-term is
just as important. It gives you a sense of
your overall fitness. So, in watchOS 6 we are
introducing Activity Trends. (Applause) For nine key metrics it
will compare your progress over the last 90 days
with the last 365. If the trends show that
you are maintaining or improving, you will see
an arrow pointing up, and that's great; keep doing
what you are doing. But if you are trending
downward, we will give you simple coaching to
get you back on track. You will see trends for
familiar metrics like move, exercise, and stand,
but you will also see trends for some new
metrics like your workout walking pace, flights of
stairs climbed or even your cardio fitness level. Activity Trends will
provide you with a more complete picture of what
you can do to stay active and even more importantly,
give you the motivation you need for
long-term success. (Applause) Now, let's talk about
your hearing health. Your hearing is
a precious asset. Think about the sounds
that surround you every day, hearing a friend's
laughter, listening to your favorite song. Protecting your hearing is
critical to living your everyday life and
maintaining your independence as you age. Since hearing loss is
often so gradual, it's important to know when the
sounds around you are loud enough to impact
your hearing. Like when you are in the
middle of a construction zone, at a sporting event
or playing your music really loud to drown
out your singing voice. I do that all of the time. The new Noise app uses
the microphone to detect decibel levels and can
notify you if it's reached a level that could impact
your hearing over time. Because the Watch is always
on your wrist, it's in a great position to monitor
your environmental noise. If you tap the Noise app,
you will get more detail and you can use the
complication to check with just the raise of a wrist. It's an easy way to
protect your hearing health. And, of course, this
feature was designed with privacy in mind. It only periodically
samples and does not record or save any audio. (Applause) We think the Noise app
is really going to make a big impact. Now, there is one more
new feature in health and fitness and all of the
women out there, pay close attention because
this one is for you. Cycle Tracking. (Applause) Knowing more about your
menstrual cycle gives you a window into your health,
from simply ensuring that you are prepared, to
understanding your personal patterns
and regularities. As a physician, I know
that understanding what's normal for you is critical
in making informed clinical decisions
and can really enrich conversations
with your doctor. So, in watchOS 6, the
Cycle Tracking app gives you a simple, discreet
ways to visualize your cycle right on your wrist
and it's really easy to use. You can log key aspects of
your period and fertility, including symptoms, and
you can be notified when it's about to begin. You can also choose to
receive a fertile window prediction so you
are better informed. This feature is available
on Apple Watch and because we wanted to make this
available to hundreds of millions of women around
the world, Cycle Tracking is also available without a Watch in the Health app and iOS. (Applause) Yes, for everybody to use. (Applause) You can use it on your
iPhone to do all of those same functions that
can be done on Watch. We are so excited to
bring more focus to this incredibly important
aspect of women's health. Now, back to Kevin. (Applause) >> KEVIN LYNCH:
Thank you, Sumbul. So, the Health app is the
best way to see all of your health data in
one place, and we have redesigned it to be
even more personal and meaningful to you. In the new summary view,
you can see health related notifications. You'll see your favorites,
the information you care about most, as well as
automatically generated highlights so you can see
your health data over time. For example, if you are
more active than you usually are, how
consistently you may have been mindful this week,
or how your heart rate recovered after
a recent workout. Health is using machine
learning on your iPhone to determine which
highlights might be most interesting to you. So, the new Health app is
going to bring you even more powerful
perspective on your health. Now, all of this health
data is securely stored in your iPhone or encrypted
in iCloud, and since there is nothing more private
than your health information, you
control your data. You can decide if you want
to share particular health data with selected apps,
if you would like to share anything at all. Those are some of the
great new features coming to watchOS 6. To give you a look at some
of this running live, please welcome to the
stage, watchOS program lead, Haley Allen. (Applause) >> HALEY ALLEN:
Thanks so much, Kevin. I have been loving watchOS
6 and I'm super excited to have the opportunity to
show it to you today. Let's start with a few
of my favorite faces. This is the new modular
compact face and now I can have a large info graph
complication alongside a beautiful dial. And there is even room in
the corner for a couple of my favorite rich
complications like these two new ones,
wind and rain. Let's tap customize and
check out some of the options. This is the new Noise
complication which tells me how loud it is in here. It's pretty quiet. Let's make some noise
and see how this works. (Applause) Amazing. Thank you. That's great. The next face I want to
show you is one of our most popular faces and
this year we have made it even cooler because you
can customize it to our all new monochrome style. I love the simplicity
of this two-tone look. In the middle here is the
Audiobooks complication and I can just tap on it and
resume right where I left off. And the Now Playing controls
on watchOS 6 are great, showing me exactly
what I need to see for that app. In Audiobooks, I can tap
here at the bottom and find that chapter I want
to listen to again. It's never been easier to
listen to great books on the go. The last face I want to
show you is the gradient face. Kevin showed you how
beautiful it looks full screen and I can also
customize it to add all of my favorite rich
complications. I'm constantly
multitasking. With a busy job and a son
at home sometimes I only have a moment to
capture a quick thought. Let me tap on the Voice
Memos complication in the bottom right corner
and do that now. Remind Marcus that just
because you are almost seven does not mean you get to, quote, "Veto your bedtime." Okay. Now, I'm super excited to
give you the first look at the all new App Store. With curated collections
and apps, it's super easy to discover and download
great apps for the Watch. Let's check out Chineasy. I can just tap here to see
ratings and screenshots. And I can download it
directly from my Watch. It's super convenient. Let me show you an app I
have already downloaded, the MLB app. With the new audio
streaming APIs in watchOS 6, I can listen in to any
live game no matter where I am. Now, they aren't actually
playing right now, but let me just tap here and give
you a preview of how this works. >> MALE SPEAKER: Two,
one, pitch coming. A swing and high
drive to right field. Going back to the
track, it's got a shot. Right at the wall. It is gone. >> HALEY ALLEN: Yes,
isn't that cool? Come on. (Applause) All right. Thanks so much. Those are just a few
highlights in watchOS 6. I think you are
going to love it. Back to you, Kevin. (Applause) >> KEVIN LYNCH:
Thank you, Haley. That was really cool. Now, there is so much
more to watchOS 6, like recognizing songs with
Shazam built right in and automatic software updates
right on your Watch. Now, lastly, we know how
personalized you like to make Watch from the Watch
faces to the physical bands, and we are
introducing today some new summer colors and an all-new Pride edition Watch band. (Applause) It matches perfectly with
the new pride Watch face on your Watch. So, watchOS 6 is another
large step forward for Watch and it is really an
honor for the team to be crafting something so
personal to all of you. Thank you and back to Tim. (Applause) >> TIM COOK:
Thank you, Kevin. All of these great new
features will make the Apple Watch an even more indispensable part of your daily life. Now, let's talk about iOS,
the world's most powerful mobile Operating System. (Applause) Last year, we delivered
iOS 12 which is full of amazing features from
dynamic new AR experiences and Memoji to screen time
and faster performance, and once again, iOS has
the highest customer satisfaction in the
industry with an incredible 97%. This is unbelievable. (Applause) And as always, our
adoption rate is industry leading as well. 85% of iOS customers are
on the latest release. And in fact, iOS 12 has
been installed on more systems than any
version of iOS ever. Now, that's in stark
contrast to the latest offering from those other
guys which was released before iOS 12; they
only have 10% adoption. (Applause) Now, this high adoption
rate is a huge benefit for both users and developers. Now, to tell you about the
next major release of iOS, I'd like to hand
it over to Craig. Craig. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI: Hello. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I'd like to talk -
all right, we've got a lot to talk about
this morning. I'd like to talk about our
next big release of iOS. Now, when it came to
naming this release, our crack marketing team
really surprised us this year by demonstrating
their ability to count well into the
double digits. Yes, it's iOS 13. (Applause) Now, iOS 13 is a huge
release packed with lots of capabilities, but we
know that nothing is more important to our iPhone
users than performance. So, this year, we worked
top to bottom in the system, making everything
faster that you do the most. Things like unlocking with
Face ID, now 30% faster. (Applause) Now, this one is cool. We have changed the way
that we are packaging apps on the App Store, and when
this rolls out in the fall with iOS 13, you will see
that your downloads are now 50% smaller. And updates, 60% smaller. But what's - yes. (Applause) But what's really
incredible is the effect it has on app
launch speed. It's up to twice
as fast in iOS 13. (Applause) Now, we were able to do
this in a release packed with new features and
there is one that I think is going to really
resonate with some of you here and I would like to
introduce it to you now. Let's take a look. (Music playing) (Applause) That's right. We are bringing
Dark Mode to iOS. (Applause) I'd love to show
it to you live now. (Cheer) All right. (Laughter) Okay. Let's take our first
live look at iOS. Now, here it is in
its traditional light appearance with this
gorgeous new wallpaper, but now let's begin our
descent into darkness. (Laughter) Look at that. The gorgeous dark
wallpaper and notifications look great. Let's take a look
at our Widgets. They look just awesome. Let's take a look
at some apps. We will start with News. Check it out with a
gorgeous dark appearance, so nice. And your calendar, your
daily events have never looked so awesome with
this really beautiful palette. And Notes. Look at this refined
texture, it's really fantastic. Let's take a trip
into Messages. You see how your images,
your emoji, they all look just fantastic. And, of course, the
keyboard, with an extra refined new dark
appearance and some new tricks because now when
you type, you can swipe. (Applause) Just like that. It's really great. Let's take a
look at Photos. Of course, it looks
fantastic in Dark Mode. Now, this is our Dark
Mode Project Team at the project kickoff. You see it was happy times. They did slowly begin
their descent into darkness. We take the details
very seriously. Let's take a look at
our new share sheet. It looks awesome in Dark
Mode, but you notice in the middle sharing
suggestions intelligently based on who you share
with and who appears in the photos. You can share
with just a tap. It's so fast and easy. And finally, music. Your music looks
great in Dark Mode. It can go through some
of my recent play back. Of course, start playing
some music here. And now for the first time
ever, time synced lyrics. (Applause) And that is a quick look
at what's new with Dark Mode in iOS 13. (Applause) So, great performance,
intelligent sharing, the new quick path keyboard
and Dark Mode. But, of course, there
is much more to iOS 13, starting with apps. Let's start with Safari,
Mail, and Notes. Now, Safari has new
options to quickly change text sizing and has per
website preferences. Mail gets desktop class
text formatting controls, including support
for rich fonts. And Notes gets this
beautiful new gallery view, support for shared
folders, and much more. But where we really went
deep is with Reminders. We have completely
reinvented the app, rewriting it from the
ground up to make it more intelligent, intuitive and
powerful and easier than ever to create Reminders. So, for instance, just
type what you want and Reminders will understand
when and where to notify you. Or you can use the new
quick type bar; just tap and enter things like
location or even attachments like photos. With tasks, you can now
associate to-dos with a top-level reminder. Now, smart lists, they
help you keep track of your most important items
and, if you tag a person in a reminder, well, next
time you are in a Messages conversation, you will
automatically get a notification letting them
know that now is time to talk. It's really handy. Next, Maps. Maps is with you
everywhere you are from work, home, or even on
the go with CarPlay. And our team continues its
obsession with building the best possible map. Now, we have outfitted
literally hundreds of planes and cars with
custom sensors and lidar and driven over four
million miles to rebuild our map from the ground
up, and the results are really impressive. Here is our old map and
here is the new map. (Applause) It's just great. Now, we expect to roll out
this map across the entire US by the end of this year
and select other countries next year. But we didn't stop there. There is much more to
Maps, and to give you a quick look at what's new,
I would like to invite Meg Frost, our Director of
Product Design to the stage for a quick demo. Meg. >> MEG FROST: All right. All right. Thank you. I'm so happy to show you
what's new in Apple Maps. All right. First, let's take a
look at that new map. As Craig said, we have
been driving and flying all across the United States, collecting land and aerial data to add significant
new detail to the map. So, now roads and beaches,
parks and buildings look great. We have also added a
couple of very useful new features to our recently
designed launch screen like favorites, where I
can add the places I go every day for quick
and easy access. Now, I can just
tap and go. And with collections, this
is where I can organize all of my favorites
or I can make lists of favorites to share with
friends, or I can finally organize that
next big trip. Let's check out my
SF spots collection. Now, I have been
checking out Chinatown. You will notice in the
upper right-hand corner, there is a new
binoculars button. When I tap that, I get
a brand-new look around window. Yes, this is the right
place to drop in, so I'm going to go full screen. With look around,
I get a gorgeous, high definition 3D view. It's an awesome
way to explore. (Applause) But this is my
favorite part. Turn your phone
and hold on tight. Smoothly move
down the street. (Applause) Yep, I bet you haven't
seen it look like that before. I can tap on labels to
learn more about new places. Yes, I think I will check
this one out later. And those are just a few
of the new features that we will be bringing
to Apple Maps. Thanks, and back
to you, Craig. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
Thank you, Meg. Now, we think Maps users
are really going to love favorites, collections and
look around, but there is much more to Maps, like
junction view for China, or the ability when you
are en route to share an up to date ETA with
friends and family with just a tap. But what's most important
is that Maps has been designed to be
private and secure. We always protect your
identity and activity, and there is no need to flip
a switch to ask Maps to start respecting your
privacy because at Apple, we believe privacy is a
fundamental human right and we engineer it
into everything we do. This year, we are
doing even more. I want to focus on three big areas starting with location. Sharing your location with
a third-party app can really enable some useful
experiences, but we don't expect to have that
privilege used to track us, and so this year we are building in even more protections. Now, for the first time,
you can share your location to an app just
once, and then require it to ask you again next
time it wants it. (Applause) And if you do choose to
grant an app the ability to continually monitor
your location in the background, we will give
you reports so you will know what they are up to. Now, some apps try to work
around these protections by scanning for Bluetooth
or Wi-Fi signals to infer your location. Well, we are shutting the
door on that abuse as well. (Applause) Next, I want to
turn to log in. We have all seen buttons
like this, asking us to use a social account
log in to get a more personalized experience
with an app. Now, this can be
convenient, but it also can come at the cost
of your privacy. Your personal information
sometimes gets shared behind the scenes and
these log ins can be used to track you. We wanted to solve this
and many developers do too. So, now we have
the solution. It's called sign
in with Apple. (Applause) Sign in with Apple is the
fast, easy way to sign in without all of
the tracking. Its simple API allows the
developer to put a sign in with Apple button
in their app. You just tap it and you
are authenticated with Face ID on your device,
logged in with a new account without revealing
any new personal information. (Applause) Now, some apps may want
your name, and maybe even an email to send you
information when you are outside the app. Now, we do allow them to
request this information, but check this out; you
can choose to share your actual email address or
you can choose to hide it, and when you do, we will
create a unique random address that forwards
to your real address. (Applause) Yeah. A lot of love for
random addresses here. And that's good news
because we give each app a unique random address. This means you can disable
any one of them at any time when you are tired
of hearing from that app. It's really great. (Applause) So, of course, this entire
experience is meant to help you have control
over your data. Now, this is available
across all of our platforms, and
also on the Web. Now, next I want
to turn to HomeKit. You know, our homes are
such personal places, places where we deserve
to feel safe and secure. So, HomeKit has been
designed from the outset to protect the privacy and
security in your use of home accessories. And no accessory is more
personal than security cameras that film in
and around your home. Now, unfortunately, most
home cameras today send people's video up to
the Cloud, so it can be analyzed to tell the
difference between maybe a leaf blowing in the wind
and someone at your door, but unfortunately, this
risks your privacy. We have a new way; it's
called HomeKit Secure Video. Now, yes. HomeKit Secure Video, in
that case the video is analyzed in your home
on your resident iPad, HomePod or Apple TV and
then it is encrypted and securely sent to iCloud
where no one, not even Apple, can see it. (Applause) Now, of course, you will
be alerted if there is any activity, and you will be
able to review the recordings. Now, storage for ten days
of clips will be included in your existing iCloud
accounts and it won't count against
your storage. Yeah. Netatmo, Logitech and Eufy
will be among the first to provide these cameras
with more to come. Now, in addition to
cameras, HomeKit supports a wide variety of
other accessories. But many accessories don't just connect via HomeKit; they also connect via the Internet
and through your router. Unfortunately, this can
leave them open to attack and we want to make sure
that this can't happen. And so, we are bringing
HomeKit to routers. Now, with HomeKit at
the router, we will automatically firewall off
each of your accessories so even if one were to be
compromised, it wouldn't be able to access
your other devices or compromise your
personal information. The first HomeKit enabled
routers will be coming from Linksys, Eero and
Internet service providers like Charter Spectrum. (Applause) Next up, Messages. Now, we have all received
messages like this, like who is this guy? Well, wouldn't it be
better if you could see something like this,
or maybe even this? Well, now you can because
with iOS 13, you and the people you message with
will be able to share your name and your photo, and
even use Memoji or Animoji to create a photo
of yourself. Now, this information
is only shared when you message with someone, so
you are completely in control of who sees
your name and picture. Now, since we are all
going to be creating a lot more Memoji, we wanted to
make them even better at reflecting our own
personal style, so we've added a huge amount of
new options for makeup, accessories and
so much more. I would like to have some
experts give you a quick look. >> DESI PERKINS: Hi guys. I'm Desi Perkins. >> PATRICK STARR: And
I'm Patrick Starr. >> DESI PERKINS: We're
beauty influencers. >> PATRICK STARR:
From the internet. Today, we're going to show
you how to make a cute, flirty Memoji look. >> DESI PERKINS: Using
all the new makeup and accessories in iOS 13. >> PATRICK STARR:
Starting with eye shadow. >> DESI PERKINS: This is my favorite eye shadow right now. It's called Apple Fuchsia
Number Six and it comes in this really cute
little toolbar. >> PATRICK STARR:
Close your eyes. Let me see. >> DESI PERKINS: Lipstick. >> PATRICK STARR: Pink. >> DESI PERKINS: Red. >> PATRICK STARR: Purple. >> DESI PERKINS: Violet. >> PATRICK STARR: Blue. >> DESI PERKINS: Oh, ash? >> PATRICK STARR: Desi,
you have to go Dark Mode. Darker, darker. >> DESI PERKINS:
Piercings. >> PATRICK STARR: Nose
ring, brow ring, earring, lip ring, tongue ring. >> DESI PERKINS: You can
customize your teeth and hair? Oh, braces, gap
tooth, missing tooth. >> PATRICK STARR:
A mini grill. >> DESI PERKINS: Earrings,
do you think this will be cool? I'm allergic to
fake jewelry. >> PATRICK STARR:
Okay, moving on, hair. How about this? >> DESI PERKINS: We have
to screenshot these. What else? Hats. >> PATRICK STARR: Hats. >> DESI PERKINS:
And glasses. >> PATRICK STARR: Cute,
cute, cute, cute, cute, cute. What do we have here? >> DESI PERKINS:
Last but not least - >> DESI PERKINS AND
PATRICK STARR: AirPods. >> PATRICK STARR:
Everyone, these are our finished looks. >> DESI PERKINS: Thanks,
Pat, for joining me. >> PATRICK STARR:
Oh, of course. Thanks for joining me. Don't forget to like and subscribe. Thanks. >> DESI PERKINS: And Craig,
I have a few tips for you. Let's connect
after the show. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI: So, I
think that's given us all a great deal
to think about. (Laughter) Now, we are all going
to have a lot of fun personalizing our own
Memoji and so we wanted to give you even more
ways to use them. So, we are introducing
something new. It's called
Memoji stickers. (Applause) Now, instead of expressing
yourself like this with emoji in your
conversations, you can now do it like this. We automatically create a
sticker pack for you for each of your Memoji. Now, of course, you can
use them in Messages but we have also incorporated
them right alongside emoji in the system keyboard so
you can use them in apps like Mail or your favorite
other apps like WeChat. And we have made these
usable not just in more apps but also on more
devices because while actually animating a
Memoji puppet with your face requires a device
with a True Depth Camera System, Memoji stickers
and support for the Memoji editor is now supported
for all devices with an A9 chip or later. Next. (Applause) Next, I want to turn to
Camera and Photos where we have given you great new
ways to capture, edit, and experience your photos. Now, I'm going to start
with Portrait Lighting where we put the power of
the studio right in your pocket. In iOS 13, we are
taking Portrait Lighting to a new level. And it starts with a
brand-new effect we call high key mono. It looks just amazing. Now, we are also extending
Portrait Lighting so you can adjust the intensity
of the Lighting Effect just like you could in a
lighting studio by moving the lights closer or
farther away from your subject. So, when you increase the
intensity of the light, it's like virtually
moving the light closer. This has the effect
of smoothing skin, brightening eyes and
facial features. Or you can pull it back
for a subtle, more refined look. And we adapt this effect
uniquely to each style of Portrait Lighting. Next, I want to
turn to photo editing. We have a brand-new
experience so that you control every
element of your photo. You can see at a glance
all of your settings, and with just a tap and a drag,
you can make adjustments. It applies across all of
our existing effects and many more that
are new to iOS 13. But we are - yes. (Applause) But what's really cool is
we are bringing all of this to video for
the first time. (Applause) Now - so now, for the first time, you can rotate a video. How about it? (Applause) But, of course, much more. You can apply filters and
all of these effects. It's just awesome. But, you know, our biggest
change this year is in the way you can browse and
experience your photos. You know, we all have
so many photos in our library, so much great
stuff in there, but it's all often weighed down by
pictures of receipts and white boards and
screenshots. So, now we are using
advanced machine learning to remove duplicates and
clutter and let you focus on your best shots. And we are taking these
photos and we are intelligently organizing
them to create a sort of diary of your life. Using this, you will be
amazed at how you discover the moments in your life
that matter to you the most. Now, we do all of this
inside a brand-new Photos tab. And so, to show it to you,
I would like to bring up the leader of our photos
app team, Justin Titi, to give you a live demo. Justin? >> JUSTIN TITI:
Thanks, Craig. I'm so excited to show you
guys the new Photos app. Let's get started. So, here we are
in all photos. It's got a new home right
here in the Photos tab. We have also given you
more control over how you can view all
of your photos. You can simply pinch to
zoom out and see a bunch of photos or you can zoom
in and see more detail. It is really
fast and fluid. Now, as you can see, I
take a ton of photos of my kids trying to capture
that perfect moment. Oftentimes my best shots
get lost in the sea of images. That's what days is for. I just tap down
here at the bottom. You can see days is
absolutely beautiful. The clutter of the
similar photos is gone. I can just scroll
and enjoy now. So, Photos uses
intelligence to create these stunning
layouts of my photos. Every day looks great. And you can see videos
like this time lapse play automatically for me,
really bringing my library back to life. As do live photos help me
relive those really fun moments. And a simple trip to the
farmer's market makes me feel like a
professional photographer. So, days is simply the
best way to browse your photos. So, let's check
out months. I just tap and even moving between views is beautiful. So, months organizes the
most meaningful events in my library by month. So here is a trip I took
to Tahoe, my kids' last day of school, and
my wife's birthday. Now, this is a video we
all take but we usually forget to enjoy and now
it's playing for me right here. Really fun concert, and,
of course, WWDC from last year; these labs were a blast. So, that's months. It makes it really easy to
browse the greatest hits of your library
in one view. So, let's head
over to years. So, years gives me a high-level overview of my library. What makes years really
special is that it's dynamic based
on my context. So today is WWDC and
photos knows I go to WWDC every year, so now it's
showing me all of my WWDCs from the past. Go try it out. It's awesome. (Applause) I can go all the way back
- I can go all of the way back to my first
WWDC in 2011. I was so excited to
be at that keynote. Now, years can
do so much more. What if today was my
daughter's birthday? Let me show you what
that would look like. So, years is totally
transformed now and it's all about my daughter. As a proud dad, this
brings me so much joy. She's grown up so fast. Her first bike, these fun
times when every meal was a mess, and this
is her first smile. And this video just brings
that moment right back to life for me. I can just tap and I can
relive that whole great day. So that's the
new Photos app. We think you are really
going to love it. Back to you, Craig. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
Thank you, Justin. We are so excited to
have you try this out. When you experience it
with your own photos, it's a very meaningful experience. So, that's Camera and
Photos, and as you can see, there is so much to
experience in iOS 13. And now, while much of our
interaction with iPhone is through touch, we
also experience iOS in so many other ways. We use iOS when we are on
the go with our AirPods, when we gather around to
listen to our favorite music on HomePod. And when we are on the
road with CarPlay. And, of course, tying
together all of these experiences is Siri. So, to take you through
what's new with AirPods, HomePod, CarPlay, and
Siri, I would like to invite to the stage Stacey
Lysik, our Senior Director of OS Program Management
to the program and to the stage. Stacey. (Applause) >> STACEY LYSIK:
Thanks, Craig. Let's get started with
AirPods where we have a couple of great new
features coming to iOS 13. First, when you are
wearing AirPods, Siri will now be able to read your
incoming messages to you as soon as they arrive and
you can instantly respond. Let's take a quick peek
and see how it works. >> SIRI: Amy said, "Can
you meet for coffee at 9:00 am?" >> MALE SPEAKER: Tell
her I'll be there. >> SIRI: It's sent. (Applause) >> STACEY LYSIK: Just like
that, Siri helps you stay in the moment, whether
the incoming notification comes from the Messages
app or any third-party messaging app
using SiriKit. (Applause) Another great new feature
is audio sharing. We have all had a time
where we wanted to share a movie or a song
with a friend. Now, you can,
with just a tap. (Applause) Like everything AirPods,
the experience is magical. And when you get home,
there is no better way to keep the music going than
with HomePod and its incredible sound quality. To make that transition
seamless, we are bringing Handoff to HomePod. (Applause) Now, when you walk through
the door, just bring your iPhone close to your
HomePod to instantly hand off your music, a Podcast
or even a phone call. And you can just take it
with you when you leave the exact same way. (Applause) Today, we are
introducing Live Radio. So, you can ask Siri
to play stations from iHeartRadio, Tune
In, and Radio.com. In fact, we have over
100,000 radio stations from all around the world. (Applause) Now, HomePod can learn
to recognize who in your family is talking and
personalize the response. (Applause) Of course, this is great
with Apple Music so now when you ask Siri to play
you some music, it is based on your taste and
your play history and not anyone else's, and the
personalization extends way beyond music to
Messages, Reminders, Notes and more. So that's HomePod. Next, let's shift
gears to CarPlay. CarPlay leads the
industry in adoption with availability more than 90%
of cars sold here in the US and 75% of cars
sold globally. This year, we have our
biggest update to CarPlay since the beginning. It all starts with the
CarPlay dashboard where you can now have your
music next to your maps and you still have
room for Siri smart suggestions, like a garage
door opener when you get close to home or a view of
your next calendar event. You can see your whole day
in the new Calendar app. Music has been redesigned
so your album art is front and center and beautiful. Siri stays out of the way
so you don't lose sight of what's on the display. Siri has always been great
for getting directions or asking for some music and
it now works with third party apps like
Pandora and Waze. (Applause) As you saw, Siri is with
you across so much of what we do on iOS, and last
year Siri became even more powerful with the
introduction of Siri Shortcuts. Shortcuts enable you to
use your apps through Siri and in the Shortcuts app,
you can create your own personalized
multi-step Shortcut. Now, on iOS 13, the app is
built right in and it is more powerful than ever. It is now the one place
you access all of your Shortcuts, including ones
you have added to Siri, and we make it easier to
get started with your first multistep shortcut
using a new feature called suggested automations
which take your habits and personalize it to a
template like heading home or going to the gym. Integral across all of these experiences is how Siri sounds. When we first started with
Siri's voice, we used short clips of audio from
actor recordings, but sometimes when we put them
together, it didn't always sound as natural as
we wanted it to be. So, this year we have
taken a huge step forward using cutting edge Machine
Learning called Neural Text to Speech where for
the first time ever, the voice you hear is entirely
generated by software. As a result, it's more
- it has more natural cadence and
better emphasis. It's most noticeable when
Siri is speaking longer or more complex sentences. Let's have a listen
together starting with iOS 12. >> SIRI: Absolute zero is
the lowest limit of the thermodynamic temperature
scale, a state at which the enthalpy and entropy
of a cooled ideal gas reach their minimum
value taken as zero. >> STACEY LYSIK: All right. So, that's okay. But now let's try iOS
13 with Neural Text to Speech. >> SIRI: Absolute zero is
the lowest limit of the thermodynamic temperature
scale, a state at which the enthalpy and entropy
of a cooled ideal gas reach their minimum
value taken as zero. >> STACEY LYSIK:
Way better. Way better. (Applause) So, that's Siri along with AirPods, HomePod and CarPlay. Thank you. Back to you, Craig. >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
Thank you, Stacey. So, that's our next big
release of iOS, iOS 13, and there is so much we
didn't have time to talk about, like the ability
to deal with call spam by sending unknown callers
directly to voice mail. Yes. (Applause) Or low data mode or for
our enterprise customers, the ability to single sign
on to enterprise accounts and have separate iCloud
accounts for your personal and work lives. (Applause) So, you may notice there
has been one thing missing from the iOS 13 story
and that's iPad. Yes. (Applause) Now, from the beginning,
iPad has been built on the technical foundations of
iOS, so, of course, it gets all of these great
new features that we are bringing to iPhone. But over the years, iPad
has also evolved into something unique. You know, with its giant
canvas and powerful features like slide over
and split view, drag and drop and Apple Pencil,
iPad delivers an experience that
is truly distinct. We have some big changes
coming to iPad this year and the time has come to
recognize the platform in a special way. Let's take a look. (Music) (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
That's right. We are calling it iPad OS
and I would like to give you a first look. So, let's take a
look at iPad OS. Swipe home and the first
thing you notice is this tighter grid of icons,
letting you have more tools at your disposal
right on your Home screen. But what I think is super
cool is watch what happens when I swipe over. I can now pin my Widgets
right on my Home screen. (Applause) It's gorgeous. You get a lot of
information at a glance. Let's turn to
multitasking. Let's start
with slide over. Launch into Safari and
let's just slide over from the right-hand
side of the screen. You can see I have
messages there right now. Now, I can, of course,
change the app I have in slide over. I can just pick up
Reminders and drag it on over. Now, I have Reminders in
slide over so next time I slide out, of course,
there is Reminders. But what if I want to get
back to the last app? Could we make
that super easy? The answer is yes. I can just drag from the
bottom and they fan out just like that. (Applause) With just a tap,
I can switch apps. I can even just slide
along the bottom to move quickly between my
apps in slide over. It's really great. Now, next, I would like
to talk about Split View because now we are
bringing multiwindow capabilities to
apps on iPad. For instance, I have a
single note right here in Notes, but what with I
want to have two notes side by side? Well, now I can. I can tap, drag, and now
I have a split with two notes. (Applause) Now, I can use this across
spaces as well, so here I have two notes, but here
I have a Pages document. What if I have some notes
I want to use while working on my
Pages document? Well, I am just going to
slide on over, pick up another note, and I can
just move back to my Pages space and drop
it over there. Now, I have Pages
right next to Notes. Now that I have notes in
all of these different spaces, well, you can guess
how I can find them, right? I just bring up the dock,
tap on Notes, and we have app exposé now on iPad. Here are all of my Notes
spaces in one place. Now, this just doesn't
work for system apps. It also works for third
party apps as well. So, in addition to Notes
here and Pages, I can have two Microsoft Word
documents side by side. I mean, that's
enterprising right there. (Laughter) And it works great for
some of the work flows in apps like Mail. So, for instance, let's
say I want to reply to this message from Phil. Well, I can just of course
start typing to Phil and then I realize, you know,
I would actually like to draw on some of my other contents
of my inbox for this reply. I can drag that compose
window off to the side into Split View, even
create a split so I can see all of my messages. I can tap through
these other messages. If I find an image I want
to put to my message to Phil, just tap, drag it
out just like that, and check this out; if there
is a link I want to preview, just
tap and hold. I get a preview
of that web page. That looks
perfect for Phil. Just drop it right in
here just like that. Better composing through
multitasking on iPad. And that's a quick look at
the new Home screen and new Multitasking in iPad OS. (Applause) But there is a lot more. Let's start with Files. Now, browsing in Files,
of course, you have icon view, list view. Well, how about
column view? Great for digging through
deep file hierarchies. You get a great file
preview right here and quick actions for things
like rotating documents - images, making PDFs, and
great rich metadata right at the bottom. Now, we are also improving the way that you can share files. For instance, in iCloud Drive, we now support folder sharing. (Applause) And get this; we also have
built in support for SMB file sharing so you can
share from your work PC, home PC, right
in the files. Now, there is one more. That's right, you can now
plug in a thumb drive. (Applause) So, thumb drives, external
disk drives and SD cards, all show up right in the
Files app, but now this one is really great too. Sometimes when you are
working with a camera, you would like to import
directly into an app like Light Room and
now you can. (Applause) Of course, there
is much, much more. It's a huge year for Files
this year, and it's also a huge year for Safari. You know, Safari is just
the perfect device for browsing the Internet. It's like holding the web
in your hands and this year we are making Safari
more capable than ever. When you look at the Web
today, it's often split into kind of two
big categories. On the one hand, you have
the mobile Web designed for the small screen
and mobile devices, and desktop sites that are
designed for large screens like on your Mac. And often, websites will
serve up the wrong thing for the iPad. Well, no more because we
are bringing desktop class browsing to
Safari on iPad. (Applause) Now, with this, Safari
does all of the heavy lifting, so instead of the
mobile site, you will see the desktop site but it
will be sized perfectly for the iPad display
and have automatically optimized for touch input. Now, this also works great
for apps like Google Docs, Square Space
and Word Press. They all work great in
Safari now and the desktop class experience
doesn't stop there. We are also bringing
a download manager to Safari. (Applause) Thirty new keyboard
shortcuts and much, much more. Next, I want to
talk about fonts. Now, we all know that
fonts bring out the personality of a project,
and this year we are giving you a new way to
use custom fonts inside of your favorite apps. You will be able to
download them right from the App Store. We are working with all
of the major providers of fonts. Next, we are taking a
big leap forward in text editing, making it even faster with the power of Multi Touch. So, navigating long
documents, you can now grab the scroll indicator
and jump anywhere in the document instantly. (Applause) Now, moving the cursor
is easier than ever. Just pick it up, and drag
it where you want it to go. And selecting text, just
put your finger down and drag out a selection. There is no need to double
tap and no magnifying glass getting in your way. And yeah. And when you have a
selection, check this out, you want to copy or cut,
just a three-finger pinch to copy, and a
three-finger spread to plop it right down. This works across
all sorts of apps. (Applause) And if you make a mistake,
don't worry, just a three-finger
swipe to undo. No more shaking that iPad. (Applause) Finally, I would like to
talk about Apple Pencil. Apple Pencil has quickly
become an indispensable tool for so
many iPad users. It's just perfect for
marking up documents, taking notes or
doing illustration. A critical part of
that experience is the incredible low latency
of Apple Pencil. You know, our goal
was to have it just be indistinguishable for
making marks on a physical piece of paper. Now, Apple Pencil already
leads the industry with a record low twenty
millisecond latency, but we have been optimizing
and advancing our prediction algorithms and
today we are bringing that latency down to
9 milliseconds. It's incredible. (Applause) Now, of course, an
important part of your experience using your
Pencil is a great tool palette and a great set of
tools, and so now in iPad OS, we have redesigned it
and we are providing a PencilKit developer API so
third-party apps can have the same great experience. We have also made it a lot
easier to markup anything on any app. You can just drag your
pencil up from the corner of the screen and just
like that you are you are in markup. You can markup a
screenshot or even an entire document. This works just great
throughout the system. Now, to show you Pencil in
action, I would like to invite up Toby Paterson,
our Senior Director in charge of the iPad system
experience, to give you a demo. Toby. (Applause) >> TOBY PATERSON:
Thanks, Craig. Okay. Well, let's jump into
Notes here and take a look at the new text
editing gestures. It begins with a tap to
place the cursor up there at the top of the screen,
and then to move the cursor, we will just grab
it with your finger, oops - grab it with your
finger, put it exactly where you want it. Now, for typing, there is
the standard keyboard, of course, but watch what
happens when I pinch on it with two fingers. It shrinks down to a new
compact layout and this is really great for typing
with one finger or your thumb while you're
holding your iPad. (Applause) I know. I do this a lot. And you can use
quick path here. Oops. Just like that. Now, to select text, just
hold your finger on a word, sorry. Hold your finger on a word
and just drag it out like that and our new gestures
make text editing a breeze. It's a three-finger pinch,
once to copy or twice in a row to cut, and then a
three finger drop gesture to paste it into
place like that. Now to - (Applause) It's really easy. Now, to undo your
gestures, or to undo your changes, I want to
reassure you, you can still shake your iPad if
you want, but I do find the three-finger swipe
to the left a little bit easier. I also want to note that
these gestures are not limited to text
editing only. They will work in any
application that supports copy/paste, undo and redo. Okay. Let's switch now and
talk about the pencil. So, you can see here at
the tool palette with its beautiful new design, the
new tools, and now you can drag it around the
screen like this. You can pin it to any
edge of the screen, you minimize it down in the
bottom like that, and then with a tap or a drag,
open it back up again. Now, of course, Notes has
been tailor made to work really well with the
Pencil, but you can actually use this to
markup any application on the - on your iPad. Let's switch over to
Safari here and I will show you how this works. So, Craig has put me
in charge of the next software offsite and I
want to share an idea with him. So, check this out. Watch as I drag from the
corner of the iPad with my Pencil like this. It takes you right into
markup where you can see a screenshot of exactly
what you were looking at. But many apps can now
support a new full-page capture mode which you select with this button at the top. Here you can see the
entire document that you were looking at. You can scroll through it
or use the side bar on the right to quickly navigate
and as you would expect, you can mark it up with
your pencil just like this. I will bet we've got a few
Rush fans in the crowd here today, I think. (Applause) Yes. I think Craig would make
a great Alex Lifeson. Now, when you're done,
just bring up the share sheet and you can send it
off right from here and that's how you can easily
markup anything on your iPad. Back to you now, Craig. Thank you. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
Thank you, Toby. Those are some great
improvements to Apple Pencil and so much
more for iPad OS. There are a ton of great
new features that take iPad OS to the next level. Well, that's what
I have for you now. I'm going to hand
it back to Tim. Thank you so much. (Applause) >> TIM COOK:
Thank you, Craig. These are just blow
away huge releases. iPad OS built on the
foundation of iOS takes the distinctive experience
of iPad even further. In a powerful new version
of iOS, iOS 13, we can't wait for all of you to
get your hands on these great new releases. Now, let's turn
to the Mac. (Applause) We love the Mac and
our customers do too. In fact, the Mac is the
number one in customer satisfaction by far
in the industry. People use their Macs to
create amazing things, simply and powerfully. We have the strongest Mac
lineup we have ever had, from the new MacBook Air
all the way up to the power house iMac Pro. And for Mac users looking
to really push the limits of performance, there
is one more spot in our lineup that the team has been working really hard to fill. (Applause) Yes. To create a product that
will take Mac further than it's ever gone before
and I am so excited and thrilled to show
it to you now. (Applause) (Music) (Applause) >> TIM COOK: This is the new MacPro and it's incredible. (Applause) It has a truly gorgeous
design and remarkable performance to match. It is the most powerful
Mac we have ever created. And to tell you all about
it, I would like to invite John Ternus to the stage. John. (Applause) >> JOHN TERNUS:
Thank you, Tim. I am so excited to be able to tell you about this new MacPro. Now, in designing this
product, we wanted to build an architecture that
could meet the incredible diversity of pro needs,
a system that offers virtually unlimited
possibilities for customization. And key to this is a
simple and elegant solution for accessing
the internal components. Now, inside you will find
a stainless steel frame that forms a strong
internal structure for the entire system and it
provides a foundation for modularity and
flexibility. The frame also
incorporates stainless steel handles. They feel great in your
hand and they make it easy to move the system around. All of the internal
modules mount to this frame which means users
have 360-degree access to easily configure
components and every sub system has been optimized
for performance. So, let's start
with the processor. Now, we have designed
this new MacPro for our customers who need
the ultimate in CPU performance for tasks like
production rendering or playing back hundreds of
virtual instruments or simulating an iOS app on
multiple devices at once. So, we are using a
brand-new Intel Xeon Processor and it has up
to twenty-eight cores. (Applause) And to get every last
ounce of performance out of this processor, we are
giving it over 300 watts of power and a massive heat
sink for cooling so this means it can run fully
unconstrained all of the time. Now, we also have an
extremely high-performance memory architecture. Six channels of super fast
ECC memory in 12 DIMM slots enable an incredible
1.5 terabytes of system memory. (Applause) Now, let's talk
about expansion. Many of our pro customers
need to add things like fiber channel or audio
DPSs or SDI video to their systems, so we are
bringing PCI expansion back to the Mac
in a big way. (Applause) Because this new MacPro
has eight internal PCI slots. There are four double wide
slots and three single wide slots, and there is
one additional half-length slot that we populate
with an I/O card. Now, this I/O card has two
Thunderbolt 3 ports, two USB-A ports and an audio
jack and there are also two more Thunderbolt 3
ports conveniently located on the top of the system. And finally, the MacPro
has two built-in 10 gigabit ethernet ports. So, one of the most
critical areas of expansion is graphics. Graphics performance is so
important for tasks like animating 3D film assets
or compositing 8K scenes or building complex 3D
environments, but we wanted to go beyond the
typical graphics card design so we've invented
something completely new. Now, it starts with an
industry standard PCI connector, so the slot
maintains compatibility with standard cards. We have added a second
connector that allows us to integrate Thunderbolt
throughout the entire system and provide a tremendous
amount of extra power. In fact, at 500 watts,
this module has the same power capacity as the entire previous generation MacPro. And instead of adding its
own dedicated fan, we have a huge heat sink that's
quietly cooled by the MacPro thermal system. We call this the MacPro
expansion module or MPX for short, and using this
architecture we are going to offer multiple graphics
options, starting with the Radeon Pro 580X, a great
all-around graphics card. For a big upgrade in
graphics performance, the MacPro can be configured
with AMD's Radeon Pro Vega II. Vega II delivers 14
teraflops of graphics compute and 32 gigabytes
of memory with an insane 1 terabyte per second
of memory bandwidth. But we didn't stop there
because with the increased head room of the MPX
module, we can actually use two Vega II GPUs for
double the teraflops, double the memory and
double the memory bandwidth. This is quite simply
the world's most powerful graphics card. Now, these two GPUs are
connected by the Infinity Fabric Link which allows
data transfer between them at five times faster
than the PCI BUS. This is a really big
deal for apps that are optimized to take
advantage of multiple GPUs. And if all of this wasn't
crazy enough, the MacPro can be configured with
two of these modules. (Applause) Enabling up to 56
teraflops and 128 gigabytes of high
bandwidth memory. This is an unbelievable
amount of graphics compute in a single workstation. Now, we have also done
something really special for video editing. One of the challenges in
working with high quality cameras is the need to
convert the native files into proxies for
easier editing. This is a time consuming
and error prone process. Being able to work
directly with the native formats would be a game
changer in these high end work flows so we have
built a brand-new card that we call Afterburner
and it turns your MacPro into a monster of a
video editing machine. Afterburner is a hardware
accelerator card that is built with an FPGA which
is a programmable ASIC and this ASIC is capable of
processing 6 billion pixels per second. (Applause) So, with this custom
solution, we have achieved an unprecedented level of
performance for the ProRes and ProRes RAW codecs. The most powerful
workstations in the world today struggle to play
back just one stream of 8K video, but with
Afterburner, the new MacPro can play back an
incredible three streams of 8K Pro Res RAW. (Applause) Or 12 streams of 4K. This is ground breaking
performance and it means we can finally say goodbye
to proxy workflows. Now, of course, all of
this compute requires a massive amount of power,
and so we have given every MacPro a 1.4 kilowatt
power supply. Of course, all of
that power requires a tremendously capable
cooling system. So, the MacPro has three
enormous fans and one blower that together can
generate up to 300 cubic feet per minute of air
flow and it's very quiet. In fact, when it's under
your desk in typical load conditions, it's as
quiet as an iMac Pro. To seal the thermal
system, the beautiful aluminum housing slides over the frame and latches into place. And its unique
three-dimensional vents are actually machined on
both the internal and external surfaces. The resulting lightweight
lattice pattern maximizes air flow while creating an
extremely rigid structure. And finally, optional
wheels make it easy to move the MacPro
around your studio. (Applause) As you can see, utility
and function define the design of the new MacPro,
and while the specs we have been talking about
are impressive, we have really been focused on
delivering real world performance where
it matters most. To do that, we have been
working closely with a number of pro
app developers. This includes Adobe, Auto
Desk, Serif and Blackmagic who are all announcing support for the new MacPro today. In fact, Blackmagic is
seeing some amazing performance gains. With the Afterburner card
doing the heavy lifting of decoding video, they can
tap into the CPU and GPUs to add effects and
coloring in real time on native 8K content. This is a work flow that
has never been possible before the new MacPro. Side FX, Red, Epic
and Avid are also announcing support today. (Applause) Avid is taking advantage
of the incredible expansion capabilities of
the MacPro to do something never before possible in
a single work station. They are enabling support
for up to six HDX cards. This yields more I/O,
increased voices and two times the DSP processing than any other system can achieve. 3D app developers like
Unity, Pixar, Foundry and Maxon are also
announcing support. Maxon is seeing 20% faster
GPU render performance in Cinema 4D than on a
Windows work station maxed out with three of the
latest Nvidia Quadro cards. We are really excited to
announce that Maxon is bringing their Redshift
render engine to the Mac optimized for Metal. And finally - (Applause) There you go. The folks at Otoy are
already hard at work building a version of
Octane that is really going to shine with the
incredible GPU performance of the new MacPro. We are thrilled by the
excitement and commitment we are seeing from all of
these great developers. And, of course, our own
internal app teams are really excited about
the MacPro as well. So, now, I would like to
bring up David Earl from our Pro X marketing team
to give you a firsthand look at some of the
amazing things you can do in Logic and Final
Cut on the new MacPro. David? (Applause) >> DAVID EARL:
Thanks, John. I am thrilled to show you
Logic Pro 10 running on the new MacPro. To get started, we are
going to open up this music score from a
documentary we are working on that was shot in Kenya. What you see here is a
Logic project and every row is a track and every
track represents an individual musical
instrument performance. So, let's have a listen. (Music) Okay. So, we wanted to have some
fun and see just how far we could push this
powerful new Mac. What you are looking
at here is a brand-new version of Logic and the
theme of this release is all about performance. So, to show performance
I'm going to use these incredibly realistic
sampler instrument libraries. I use the libraries so
that it sounds exactly like a real orchestra
when I create my parts. So, let's add a 50
piece percussion ensemble to the score. And you know what, how about
a 100-piece orchestra? And how about another full
orchestra just because, you know, we can. Now, many composers have
to actually add a second and third computer to be
able to run these massive orchestral libraries, but
the new MacPro with CPU power and RAM can do this
all in a single unit. So, of course, I'm going
to need a lot more to push this MacPro. So, let's add a
ton more tracks. So, we have never seen
this before in Logic. I have got 300, 400, 500,
we can now have a thousand audio tracks and a
thousand software instruments in Logic. (Applause) That's four times the
amount that we had in our previous version of Logic,
and, of course, with all of this going on we
have to check the CPU. Opening the performance
meter, that is 56 threads across 28 cores with more
tracks and plug-ins than we have ever seen
before in Logic. The MacPro still
has power to spare. It's a monster
for running Logic. Okay. Now, let's take this music
score over to Final Cut. It's the Soundtrack for
this beautiful documentary that was all shot
and edited in HDR. It follows Ami Vitale. She is a world-renowned
photo journalist on a recent assignment to Kenya. Now, what we see here, we
have never seen before in a Mac. This is 8K ProRes RAW
playing back at full resolution. Now, what makes 8K so
amazing is that there are over 33 million pixels in
every frame which means it looks great on a huge
display like this, but it includes enough resolution
that we can crop in and reframe for 4K projects
and, you know, we can add 8K effects in real-time
like this animated title, and I think I'm going
to go in and add some advanced color correction
and lens flare without stopping. I don't have to wait
for it to render. Now, so far we have been
watching a single stream of 8K ProRes RAW but this
computer has Afterburner installed which means we
can push it even further and we can have our single
stream of 8K ProRes RAW, add another stream of 8K
and how about a third stream 8K ProRes RAW
running simultaneously. That's 100 million pixels. This has never been seen. (Applause) Never been seen before on
any video editing software on any computer. The MacPro is an 8K power
house and absolutely by far the most powerful Mac
that's ever been created for professional film
makers and musicians. Thank you. Back to you, John. (Applause) >> JOHN TERNUS:
Thank you, David. That performance is nuts. So that is the new MacPro. It is the most
configurable, most expandable and by far the most powerful Mac we have ever made. But, of course, an
extraordinary computer deserves an extraordinary
display, and to tell you more about that, I would
like to bring out Colleen Novielli from the Mac
Product Marketing Team. Colleen? (Applause) >> COLLEEN NOVIELLI:
Thank you, John. Good morning. Displays are incredibly
important to our pro customers because they
play a vital role in creating their
life's best work. Yet today, if you look at
their wish list, there is no single display that
gives them every feature they have asked for, and this one feature, High Dynamic Range or HDR, it's increasingly requested because it's yet to be delivered with
pro level precision. So, what is HDR? HDR is a way to bring
content to life by better reflecting what the eye
can see in the real world. The eye sees the brightest
specular highlights, really dark blacks,
vibrant, rich color and all of the details
in between. Today, more and more
devices can play HDR content so more and more
pros who create that content, they need
a great HDR display. There is one
class of displays. It's commonly called
reference monitors and these do deliver true HDR
along with these features, but they are still missing
these features and they are incredibly expensive. This one is $43,000. So, our goal,
it was simple. Make a display that
expertly delivers every feature that pros
have asked for. Like the MacPro, the
design is stunning and every element is
built for pros. And it's the most
incredible panel we have ever made. It's a 32-inch LCD display
with over 20 million pixels, and with 218
pixels per inch, it's a 6K retina display. (Applause) It's the largest retina
display we have ever made. It's over 40% larger than
the iMac 5K display, giving pros even more room for their tools and their content. It has P3 and true 10-bit color and reference modes built in. All expertly calibrated
at the factory. And we keep that color
accurate at a super wide viewing angle by using a
cutting-edge polarizer. For contrast, that's
twenty-five times better than a typical
LCD display. (Applause) It's awesome. Now, the cover glass has our industry leading antireflective coating, but for challenging lighting conditions, we have created an
innovative matte option. So, most matte displays,
they add a coating to the glass and this coating, it
scatters the light, but it also adds unwanted haze and sparkle and it lowers the contrast. So instead, we precisely
etch the glass itself for a nano texture surface and
this means enhanced image quality and contrast along
with low reflectivity. Next, we have delivered HDR at a level never seen before. Now, for great HDR
images, you need extreme brightness right next to
extreme contrast or deep blacks, and this is
incredibly hard to achieve. So, we have designed a
back-lighting system like none other in the world. First, a large array
of blue LEDs generates extreme brightness. We calibrate every single
LED on every single display at the factory and
then this feeds a massive algorithm and then this
modulates each LED based on the content rapidly. Then we use custom lenses
and reflectors to actually shape and precisely
control the light. Now, a typical thermal
system would make this impossible to achieve for
more than a few minutes. So, we did
something amazing. We designed the rear
lattice pattern to act as a heat sink and this
doubles the surface area, quietly extracting
heat from each LED. The results are
incredible. This display can maintain
1,000 nits of full screen brightness indefinitely. (Applause) Forever. And 1,600 nits peak. And this is going to allow
our pros to do things they have been dreaming about. So, for example, video
editors can now work with their HDR content exactly
as it's intended and photographers can now edit
an amazing HDR image like this for hours. And that is not all. Those images are going to
have gorgeous, incredibly nuanced contrast, an
incredible one million to one contrast ratio. (Applause) The images this display
produces are truly stunning. With these capabilities,
we have taken this way beyond High Dynamic Range. This is extreme dynamic
range or XDR, and so we call this display
the Pro Display XDR. (Applause) So now, we have delivered every feature on the pro wish list, but there is more. Thunderbolt 3 will provide
seamless one cable connectivity. So, with a 15-inch MacBook
Pro, you can have a stunning two display
desktop setup or with the new MacPro, you can
connect an incredible six displays with 6K
resolution, 120 million pixels. Yes. (Applause) Woo. Yeah. Woo. That's right. Now, there is one more
feature that does not get much attention on other
displays and that's the stand which is as pro
as the display itself. First, it has an amazing
counter balancing arm that makes the display feel
virtually weightless. It provides tilt and
height adjustment and it maintains the display's
angle as it's raised or it's lowered and it has
rotation for Portrait Mode. Yes. (Applause) And this is perfect
for retouching photos, designing a web page
or writing code. Yeah. And it's removable. It quickly detaches from
the display to pack it up and take it on location. And finally, for pros
with unique mounting requirements, we have
designed a base amount adapter that attaches
in a matter of seconds. So, that's the new
Pro Display XDR. It's the only display in
the industry that delivers every feature on a pro's
wish list and more. And now, all pros can use
the same display across the work flow and have
the same incredible XDR viewing experience with
all of the features they need to create their
life's best work, making this the world's
best Pro Display. And now back to you, John. (Applause) >> JOHN TERNUS:
Thanks, Colleen. So that's the new MacPro
and Pro Display XDR. Groundbreaking in every
way, they deliver performance and
capabilities that will forever change
pro workflows. Now, the new MacPro is
going to start with an eight core Xeon processor,
32 gigabytes of memory, Radeon Pro 580X and
a 256 gigabyte SSD. If you look at other
systems configured with comparable components, you will see they cost around $8,000. The new MacPro will
start at $5,999. (Applause) And it's going to be
available this fall. Now, we know a lot of
customers who use the MacPro really want to be
able to rack mount them in edit bays and
machine rooms. So, to support this, we
are also going to have a version optimized
for rack deployment. (Applause) As for the Pro Display
XDR, well, the reference monitors that we talked
about can cost tens of thousands of dollars and still not match the feature set. The Pro Display XDR will be $4,999 for the display itself. And the nano texture
version will be $5,999. The VESA mount
adapter will be $199 and the pro stand, $999. And like the MacPro, they will all be available in the fall. So that is the new MacPro
and Pro Display XDR. Now, back to Tim. >> TIM COOK: Thank you. Thank you, John, and
thank you Colleen. We can't wait to get the
new MacPro and the Pro Display XDR into the hands
of our pro users and see all the great things they
are going to create with them. Now, powering the Mac
experience is macOS, the world's most advanced
desktop Operating System. (Applause) The latest release of
macOS is Mojave with system-wide Dark Mode and
new features for both finder and desktop that
were inspired by pro users but designed for everyone. It's been a huge hit
with Mac customers. The next release of macOS
brings more exciting new features to the Mac, and
to tell you all about it, I'd like to invite Craig
back to the stage. Craig. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI: Great to be back with all of you again. So, for our next major
release of macOS, we are moving out of the desert
into the beautiful waters off the California coast,
a place for sailing, diving and so much more. It's macOS Catalina. (Applause) Now, Catalina includes
cool new features, some really fresh new apps and
some powerful technology for Developers. Let's take a look. We begin with iTunes. Now, iTunes started
completely focused, rip, mix, and burn
songs on your Mac. And then came the iTunes
Music Store kicking off the digital music
revolution. And then it took on Podcasts
and it redefined radio. And then video,
introducing us to on-demand movies and
ad-free TV, and if that weren't enough, it also
handled all of your syncing, making possible
the first iPod and iPhones. Well, now, customers love
iTunes and everything it can do. But if there is one thing
we hear over and over, it's can iTunes
do even more? I think it can. Like how about
Calendar in iTunes? I mean, you could have all
of your appointments and your best tracks
right in one app. Could we take it further? I think so. How about Mail in iTunes? (Applause) And maybe Safari
in iTunes? And how are you going to
switch between these apps? Well, of course you
will add a dock. I think we've nailed it. (Applause) "Truth Be Told" our
team had a better idea. The future of Apple Music
or iTunes at not one app but three, Apple Music,
Apple Podcasts and Apple TV. (Applause) Let's start with Apple
Music because Apple Music in Catalina is the best
music app we have ever made. With its singular focus on
music, it's so simple, but it has all of the powerful
music features you expect from iTunes all while
being just blazingly fast. It's the best place for
Apple Music subscribers, with personalized
recommendations from a catalog of over
50 million tracks. And for those of you that
use iTunes to sync, we made that experience
better as well because now when you plug in your
phone, this is what you see. Nothing. (Applause) If you do want to sync,
you can find it in the side bar in finder; all of your
sync options are right there. (Applause) And next, let's turn our
attention to Podcast. It brings a dedicated
Podcast listening experience to the Mac and
it features all of the great features you are
used to in iOS, like listen now where you can
see new episodes and keep track of your listening across all
of your devices and it has a great new feature and it has to do with search. You know, sometimes you
hear about something on the radio maybe or a new
podcast or something on the news and you think oh,
I want to hear more about that, but you are not sure
what show it was on or even that it appeared
in the title. Well, now we use machine
learning to index the contents of the spoken
content of Podcasts, so now you can search that
content and find the Podcast with just a
few clicks in the app. It's great. (Applause) And finally, the Apple TV
app, your new home for TV and music on the Mac. Now, you will love having
access to Watch Now, including all of your
great channels like HBO and Showtime, and it has
all of your purchased movies for iTunes as well,
and they have never looked or sounded better because
now on recent Macs, we have support for 4K HDR
playback on the Mac with HDR10 and Dolby Vision. And Dolby Atmos playback
as well so you will experience amazing spatial
audio rendered right out of your MacBook's speakers. So, that's Apple Music,
Apple Podcasts and Apple TV, and now I want to
turn to something new. We call it sidecar. Yeah. Now, Mac users love
connecting their laptop to an external display so
they can spread out their work, but often when they
have to leave on the go, they have to leave
that display behind. Well, no longer, because
now you can use your iPad as a second display
for your Mac. (Applause) It's great. You can spread out your
work right across your iPad, but, of course, some
pro users like using these dedicated tablets for
precise input on their Mac. Well, now with the iPad
and Apple Pencil, you can do that too. It works both wired and
wirelessly so you can get comfortable, and it
works across all of your favorite Mac Apps
that support tablets. Now, next I want to
turn to accessibility. Now, we believe technology
is most powerful when everyone can use it. So, we engineer a wide
array of assistive technologies into our
all of our products. Now, for users with
physical motor limitations, voice can be
an extremely powerful way to operate a computer. And this year, we are proud
to introduce voice control. Now, voice control lets
you control your Mac entirely with your voice
and not just that. We are also bringing
it to iOS as well. I would like to show you
just how transformative this can be. >> MALE SPEAKER: Wake up. Voice control is a
breakthrough feature that gives you full control of
your devices, comma, with just your voice, period. It's a whole new way to
do everything you love, period. Like this. Correct love. 16. Open photos. Scroll up. Show numbers. 13. Click share. 3. Tim, next field. Let's ride this one today. Thumbs up emoji. Click send. Open Maps. Show grid. Long press it. 20. Open app switcher. 4. Tap share. Tap Tim. Tap send. Hey, good to see you. Open music. Turn up the volume. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI: So,
that's voice control. Now, it leverages the
latest Siri voice recognition technology to
precisely understand what you are saying and all
of those commands and of course, your voice is
processed locally on device so none of that
audio goes to Apple. Now, next, I want to turn
to a new solution that helps you find your Mac should it
ever be lost or stolen. It's called Find My. Now, Find My combines Find
My iPhone with Find My Friends and it's now
available on the Mac and iOS devices as well. And it has a new twist
because it can now even locate Apple devices
that are offline. Now, this is particularly
important for Macs because often your laptop is
folded up in a bag, asleep, and no longer
on the network. Now, the way this
works is really cool. Let's say you have
misplaced your MacBook. So, even when it's offline
and sleeping, it sends out a secure Bluetooth beacon
that can be detected by other people's Apple
devices nearby. Now, they can relay your
MacBook's location to the network and ultimately back
to you so you can find it. Now, what's amazing
is that this whole interaction is end to end
encrypted and anonymous. It uses just tiny bits of
data that piggyback on existing network traffic,
so there is no need to worry about your battery
life, your data usage, or your privacy. Next, activation lock. We are bringing activation
lock to your Mac to make it far less
attractive to thieves. It's available on all Macs
with a T2 security chip and it works just like
on your iPhone and iPad. So, in the unfortunate
event that your Mac ever is stolen, the thief will
find it completely useless because they can't even
install or boot it unless you reactivate it with
your credentials. Now, I want to turn to
apps because there is much more to the App
story in Catalina. Now, you will find of
course the beautiful new photo browsing experience
in Photos, an updated start page in Safari. The brand-new gallery
view in Notes. And a completely
redesigned Reminders app, but also for the first
time, we're bringing Screen Time to the Mac. Now, it has all of the
same great features from iOS, so you and your
family can understand the complete picture of your
use across all of your devices and all of the
limits are enforced across all of your devices. We think this is going to
be great for families. Now, of course, Mac users
also love third party apps and they love to have
more on the platform. We have been working
on a new project that internally we call Project
Catalyst, and it's new technology that lets
developers quickly and efficiently create apps
for the Mac based on their existing iPad apps. Now, there are over a
million iPad apps out there and we think some of them would be fantastic on the Mac. Now, iPad developers, of
course, would also love to have a greater audience
to sell their apps to and there are 100 million
active Mac users out there waiting for them. Now, if you are running
Mojave, you already use Catalyst technology
because we used it to build News, Stocks,
Voice Memos, Home. Now, that was just V1 and we have learned a lot since then. We have spent the last
year expanding the number of categories of apps the
technology could support and we have tuned it up
so it results in a much better Mac App. We are pleased to announce
that we are making Catalyst available to developers today in macOS Catalina. (Applause) Now, the experience starts
right here in XCode. Just open up your existing
iPad project, check the Mac checkbox. And just like that, you
will get a huge head start because XCode
automatically builds in all of the fundamental
features like cursor controls, window controls
and so forth, and that lets you focus on the
finishing touches, maybe a translucent side bar, pull
down menus or whatever features would make your
Mac - your app just great on the Mac. Now, this means one
Development Team for the first time can build a
single app that can span all the way from
iPhone to iPad to Mac. Now, we have been
working with a number of developers previewing
Catalyst technology, and we have already seen
some great Mac Apps. For instance, the great
racing game Asphalt 9: Legends from Gameloft. Here is what
they had to say. "We had Asphalt 9: Legends
for the Mac running on the first day. It looks stunning and runs
super fast using Metal on powerful Mac hardware." And Twitter, excited to
come back to the Mac with a native app. They said, "We had
Twitter for Mac running - including native Mac
features - in just days. Now a single team can
efficiently manage Twitter for iPhone, iPad and Mac." And finally, we asked
Atlassian, Developers of Jira Cloud, leading
project management solution for agile
software development, to give Catalyst a try. To tell you more about it,
I would like to invite Rob Chatfield, Senior iOS
Engineer, to the stage. Rob, come on up. (Applause) >> ROB CHATFIELD:
Thanks, Craig. Jira has been on the web
for years and recently we have put a lot of effort
into mobile, like our iOS app that offers quick
and easy access to your projects on the go. Many of you have asked us
for a similar experience on the Mac. Well, today, I am thrilled
to announce that we have done just that. We were impressed that we
were able to get the Jira project up and running in
just a few days and it's a huge project. Now, our iOS devs
are Mac devs too. One code base, one team. Here is a preview. The boards view looks
amazing on the Mac display with plenty of room for
multitasking, and the benefit of this being a
native app is that it's insanely fast. We can switch between
these views instantly which is a level of
performance you just don't get on the Web. And this is one project,
so all of the work we did on iPad automatically
translated to the Mac, like keyboard shortcuts,
Spotlight, and Drag and Drop. And it was easy to add
those finishing touches that make it perfect
for the desktop. For example, we added our top tasks into the custom toolbar. All of this never would
have happened without Project Catalyst. We are super excited to be
bringing the Jira app to Mac and can't wait
for you to try it. So, look for Jira Cloud
in the Mac App Store later this year. Thank you very much. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI: So, we
are really excited about this technology and
excited to see what apps you all bring to the Mac
App Store this fall. So that's macOS Catalina. Sidecar, strong security
improvements, great new system apps and Project
Catalyst bringing a whole new way to bring
new apps to the Mac. You know, you have seen
a lot today in terms of tools for pro users, and
you know who our biggest group of pros is? Well, it's developers,
all of you. And, you know, everything
we do for Developers is focused on the goal of
helping you create the greatest and most
innovative apps and we do this by providing tools
and technologies designed to give you a head start. Well, this year we have a
whole bunch to talk about, like Metal and Core ML,
but we are going to cover that later in
the conference. Today I want to focus
on just two areas. AR and Swift. And we will start with AR. Today, we have three
really big announcements, starting with RealityKit. So, you know, creating
complex 3D environments can require deep knowledge
of 3D modeling and mastery of sophisticated gaming
engines like Unity and Unreal, but what about the
developers who want to incorporate 3D and AR in
their apps but they don't have that experience? Well, that's where
RealityKit comes in. It's built from the ground
up for AR with photo realistic rendering,
amazing effects like camera motion blur
and noise, and it is seamlessly integrated into ARKit and has a native Swift API. Now, how do you actually
model your 3D content? Well, that's where Reality
Composer comes in. Reality composer is a new
app featuring Drag and Drop - a Drag and Drop
interface and a library of high quality objects and
animations making it incredibly fast and
easy to build an interactive environment. Now, of course, it's
integrated with XCode, but it's also
available on iOS. So, you can edit, test,
and tune your app right on the device where it will
ultimately be delivered. Now, of course, the
foundation of AR on iOS is ARKit, and ARKit
is a major update. I want to focus on
one area around the improvement in the way
people are handled in AR scenes starting with
people occlusion. Now, this is insane. (Applause) What used to require
painstaking compositing by hand can now be
done in real time. (Applause) Now, by knowing where
these people are in the scenes you can see we can
layer virtual content in front and behind them. And check this out;
Motion Capture. Just point your camera at
a person and we can track in real-time the positions
of their head, their torso and their limbs and feed it as an input into the AR experience. (Applause) Now, Developers are going
to do amazing things with ARKit 3, and that
brings us to Minecraft. Minecraft is the
bestselling game of all time, and a great
platform for creativity. So, to see how ARKit is
enabling Minecraft to go to the next level, I'm
happy to welcome to the stage, Lydia Winters and
Saxs Persson from Mojang. (Applause) >> LYDIA WINTERS:
Thanks, Craig. Our amazing community
inspires us to push boundaries and build
unique experiences. We are here today to show
you our newest creation. >> SAXS PERSSON: We have
been dreaming about a Minecraft in the real
world and Minecraft in Augmented Reality. We share a vision with
Apple, how AR can uniquely connect us to the world
and today technology is ready for that vision. We built something we
think is pretty special. >> LYDIA WINTERS: We are
excited to demo gameplay for the very first time
right here on stage. (Applause) This is Minecraft Earth. >> SAXS PERSSON: Let's
start with the basics. This is a real living,
breathing Minecraft world right on your tabletop
with red stone circuitry, fireworks, flowing water. You can break anything,
you can play with your mobs, and when I look at
Lydia, I can see what tool she is holding and I can
see her name and we can see anything
she is building. >> LYDIA WINTERS: I'm going
to put myself into the build. There I am. >> SAXS PERSSON: Nice. Looks just like you. Let's use Motion Capture
and make your character wave. Try one wave. Let's try the trick
of the double wave. Cool. >> LYDIA WINTERS: This
looks amazing on the tabletop, but let's
use the stage. Here we go. (Applause) Look, Mom, I'm
in Minecraft. >> SAXS PERSSON: You fit
right in with the new people occlusion feature
like you can fit right into your Minecraft world. That only works on iOS. >> LYDIA WINTERS: It's
like hide and seek. >> SAXS PERSSON: This is
a fully interactive world even at this scale. >> LYDIA WINTERS: There
are some interesting levers over here. I'm going to press the one
with the feathers on it. >> SAXS PERSSON: All right. Watch out for
the chickens. >> LYDIA WINTERS:
Chickens. >> SAXS PERSSON: I'm going
to put some seeds in my hand. They should come rushing over. >> LYDIA WINTERS: So cute. Hey Saxs, there is
another lever over here. It has TNT on it. I'm definitely
going to pull it. >> SAXS PERSSON:
Watch out. >> LYDIA WINTERS: I'm
right on the edge. Skeletons. >> SAXS PERSSON:
All right, Lydia. Can I help you out
with the skeletons? >> LYDIA WINTERS:
Thank you. >> SAXS PERSSON: Uh
oh, chicken, sorry. >> LYDIA WINTERS: Oh no. Skeletons only. >> SAXS PERSSON:
I'm trying. All right. That's a huge cave
underneath you we can light up. >> LYDIA WINTERS: It's
hard to believe that there is nothing on the ground
or around us on the stage. It's incredibly immersive. The fun, quirkiness and
surprises of Minecraft are all around to discover. Oh, no, Saxs, a creeper. (Applause) It's always a creeper. Minecraft takes on its
biggest dimension yet, earth. Unleash your creativity,
build with friends and turn the real world
into your playground. >> SAXS PERSSON: Go to
Minecraft dot net to learn more and sign up for your chance to play on iOS this summer. >> LYDIA WINTERS: We can't
wait to see what you do in Minecraft Earth. Thanks, everyone. >> SAXS PERSSON:
Thank you. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
Isn't that great? Now, just to be clear, no
chickens were harmed on the stage at WWDC. I know it was very lifelike,
but that was an illusion. So, that's ARKit 3, RealityKit and Reality Composer. It's a huge year for AR. It's also an enormous
year for Swift. (Applause) Now, platform programming
language transitions, they only come along
every 20 to 30 years. You know, C and Objective
C, those were created in the 70s and 80s and Swift
was just launched five years ago and it's
just amazing how strong it's been going. There are over 450,000
apps on the App Store using Swift and
Developers are loving it. (Applause) Yes. Thank you all. But you know, a new
language enables new paradigms and with
it, new frameworks. Now, Objective C enabled
AppKit and then UIKit, improving developer
productivity by an order of magnitude and
ultimately igniting the app revolution. Now, when we introduce
Swift, the first step was to make sure developers
could access these great frameworks while taking
advantage of the languages, speed, and
expressiveness, but, of course, the biggest
gains were yet to come. The true step function in
development would only come when we engineered a
new framework, built from the ground up to take
advantage of everything that Swift had to offer. Today we are announcing
that new framework. It's called SwiftUI. (Applause) Now, SwiftUI is built in
Swift for Swift and it provides a new paradigm. You specify UI with
simple declarations. It makes code really
easy to write and really easy to understand. It's designed to help you build better apps with way less code. For instance, let's take
an app like this, a simple list. We have all written
one of these. It turns out if you want
to write this with support for all of the modern
features, you might end up writing something
like this in UIKit. It's actually quite
a bit of code. Here is that same
thing in SwiftUI. That's it. (Applause) Just a few lines
of Swift code. Yes. Now, there is so much
that SwiftUI gives you. It frees you to focus on
the functionality in your apps and we automatically
do new things for you like when we add Dark Mode,
your app gets it automatically. And of course, the
framework is only part of the story because in XCode
there's a new interactive development experience. You can think about it
like Playgrounds cranked to eleven built for apps. Now, to show you SwiftUI
in action, I would like to invite Josh Shaffer,
the head of our iOS UI frameworks team to the
stage to give you a live demo. Josh. (Applause) >> JOSH SHAFFER: All right. Thanks, Craig. Let me show you how easy it is to get started with SwiftUI. On the canvas on the
right, you can see my simple hello world app. And I can just select the
text on the canvas and when I do, XCode
highlights the code in the editor on the left. Watch what happens
when I edit it. The preview updates
immediately. (Applause) Now, to get started let's
open our library of views. We can see options and
drag one right out and drop one right
on the canvas. As soon as I do, the code
for it is added to the editor on the left. With simple Drag and Drop,
we can get real code created instantly, and
built in inspectors let us adjust the layout of our
views exactly like you would in an app
like Keynote. The inspectors are
tailored for each type of view so you can see the
kind of options that you have, and choose exactly
the one that you want. And I can use the exact
same tools to edit the code directly too. So, with just one step, we
can take this view we have been building and convert it into
a scrollable list of views. Now, a list
requires content. (Applause) Thanks. It's really incredible. Okay. So, a list requires
content and for that we can bring in a model
object that I created earlier and start
connecting it up to our views. For the first public app
written with SwiftUI, we thought it would be kind
of fun to help our friends in product marketing to
choose the perfect name for the next
release of MacOS. So, here we have a list of
themes but we need a place to display a release name. For that, we can drag
in a custom component we created earlier and drop
it right at the top. Now, even with this little
amount of code, SwiftUI already provides default
support for really common features like localization
for right to left languages and, of course,
iOS 13's new Dark Mode. (Applause) All right. Now, let's make this
interactive so that when we select a row in the
table, we will display a name for the theme. Now, we are ready to test
it out and with just a click, we can go from
designing our app to interacting with
it, right in XCode. Now, testing within XCode
is incredible, but I want to try it on a device too,
so with just one more click we can now install
it on our phone and be ready to try it out there. So, let's try farms
or maybe food. That's great but what's
really incredible about this is that we can start to edit
it live right on the device. So, SwiftUI includes
built in support for animated transitions. So, let's see some options
and pick a cool one for the top. Now, this time when we
choose a name it is going to animate in. So, let's say deserts
or maybe beaches. That's better, but we
all know that product marketing chooses these
names randomly, so to get a feel that matches that
reality, let's wrap our banner in a custom
randomizer component that I built earlier to help us
pick a name and now we are ready to choose the
next name for macOS. That one is not great. Let's try one more. Cute animals
seems promising. Well, that one is perfect. All right. So, because SwiftUI
includes built in support for integrating with
other Apple frameworks, I thought it would be fun
to use the new RealityKit framework to envision
the release of MacOS 10, Flying Squirrel. It looks like it's
going to be amazing. That's a Quick Look at
building user interfaces with SwiftUI and
XCode previews. You are going to love it. (Applause) >> CRAIG FEDERIGHI:
What do you think? (Applause) Now, I'm sure that many of
you are really excited to adopt SwiftUI in your apps
and the good news is you can do it starting with a
single view all the way up to a whole application. And this isn't just
for building iOS apps. For the first time ever,
we now have a native framework for building
Watch apps as well. (Applause) But not just that. SwiftUI is available
across all of our platforms and it provides
bindings to all of the native controls so you can
customize your experiences specifically for each, all
while using a common API. It's incredibly powerful. Now, that's just some
of our big news for developers this morning. I want to thank you all
for spending the time with me. You are so awesome. I'm going to hand
it back to Tim. Thank you. (Applause) >> TIM COOK:
Thank you, Craig. What an incredible morning. Have you enjoyed it? (Applause) Yeah. Today - today we moved all
of our software platforms forward, providing
customers new ways to enrich their lives
and powerful tools to developers so they can
continue to change the world. All of the platforms will
be available as a beta today. (Applause) And the public seed for
macOS, iOS and iPad iOS will be available in July,
and, of course, all of this great software will
be available to our users in the fall. (Applause) Now, you will also be able
to get an early look at the new MacPro and the Pro
Display XDR in our Pro Studio just
across the street. I encourage
you to do that. We have a huge week
planned for you guys, with more than one hundred
sessions, more than two hundred hands on labs,
and over a thousand Apple engineers that are
here to help you. So, seek them out. We can't wait to see what
you guys are going to dream up and how you are
going to continue to change the world. Now, before I close this
morning, I would like to thank everyone that worked
so hard at Apple on all of the products that
you saw this morning. These guys have given up
their nights and weekends from their families and so
on and so forth, and many of these innovations are
years in the making. So, thank you. Let's give them a
round of applause. (Applause) Yes. Thank you all for coming
and sharing the time with us. Have a great week. Thank you. (Applause) (Music playing) [Applause] [Music] [Music] thank you good morning and welcome to the Steve Jobs theater we've always believed that by giving people wonderful tools you enabled them to do wonderful things and Apple we put the customer at the center of everything that we do with products and technologies that are designed in the service of humanity innovations that enrich people's lives to help them learn create work play share and stay healthy through the deep integration of hardware software and services these products empower people to do incredible things every day we have a huge morning plan for you with some truly big announcements so I'm going to just yeah so I'm going to dispense up my usual updates and get right into it beginning with the app store we're adding a whole new way to enjoy games on the App Store with apple arcade we've joined forces with the world's most innovative game developers to push the boundaries of what's possible to tell you all about Apple arcade I'd like to invite Anne to the stage and we are thrilled to launch Apple arcade on the App Store the world's first game subscription service for mobile desktop and TV Apple arcade is the only place you can get unlimited access to over 100 groundbreaking exclusive new games made for iPhone iPad Mac and Apple TV you can't find these games on any other mobile platform or subscription service no games service has ever launched as many games at once and we can't wait for you to play all of them instead of paying upfront for each game your subscription lets you download and play any Apple arcade game right from the app store it all starts with the App Store's brand new or ktab where you can discover the latest apple arcade games with new games at it every month get personalized recommendations watch game trailers and get expert editorial content like game guides and sneak peeks this collection of awesome games cover so many genres and play styles so everyone in the family can count on finding games they love on Apple arcade we are really excited to show you a few today first up our partners at Konami who have delighted players for decades their next game is sure to be a hit for the whole family please welcome Konami brand manager benjamin Kinney to tell you more thanks Anne everybody loves Frogger that's why together with cue games Konami could not be more excited to bring our title to Apple arcade Frogger into a town in this level we find ourselves in bathroom and Frogger has to rescue somebody's froglet friends by classic Frogger there are many obstacles in the way over now you can find power-ups like this bomb and you can use to clear the path ahead of you you'll also notice we're collecting jelly beans there's a fun and important part of gameplay but I'll tell you more about that here in a little while so the physics are incredible see how the blocks bob up and down in real time when you jump on them and look we rescued another problem you will have dozens of different outfits that you can put your Frogger in today we have picked this adorable bathing suit isn't he cute is that said Italian baby wearing sunglasses he is making a mess let's try to go around camp now you remember those jelly beans from earlier well when you collect a hundred you unlock super Frogger [Music] alright alright enough of that we got the last froglet to rescue and we did it great job Frogger and Toytown will be available at launch and we cannot wait for you to play with your friends and family exclusively on Apple arcade thank you thanks Benjamin Frogger looks adorable next up is legendary game studio capcom their new game brings console quality graphics and gameplay to a whole new audience to tell you more please welcome Capcom producer Peter Fabiano thanks man with shinsekai into the depths we set out to create a beautiful yet treacherous underwater world the world above is covered in ice you have no choice but to search the ocean below this is humanity's last survivor you'll notice gauges at the top that indicate air health and depth you'll need to be thoughtful and careful as you traverse the new world you can use thrusters to navigate or get to safety while searching for resources our explorer encounters a terrifying feature which is why it's ever important that you maintain your oxygen levels lucky for us our little drone is here to help us out we crafted every detail of the world to make it feel authentic and immersive in fact we reported music and sound effects underwater let's give it a listen [Music] Shinseki's controls are simple yet mastering shooting while thrusting will challenge even the most seasoned gamer the underwater physics and the creatures unpredictable attacks make battle both challenging and a blast you'll have to find out what happens next by playing shin sekai into the depths we're bringing our brand of game design to a new wider global audience both at home and on mobile available only on apple arcade thank you Wow thanks Peter that was beautiful our last demo is from Annapurna interactive known for innovative games that break the mold their next game is truly one of a kind to tell you more please welcome annapurna interactive producer kelsey hansen we are teaming up with simogo to bring their creative ambitious new game to apple arcade sayonara Wildhearts is a fast-paced neon pop music dreamscape we like to think of it as a playable music video let's jump in you play as our heartbroken heroine as she races to win back their hearts in this level our heroine is chasing after the stereo lovers filled seamlessly transition back and forth between rhythm babes tapping and high speed Racing's you as the player will never actually be moving the camera but playing as the perspectives automatically change makes this game challenging and so much fun the battle and storytelling are interwoven with the music making sure you never miss a beat [Music] to add to the excitement collecting hearts will increase your rank the more hearts you collects the higher your score will be sensing defeat the twins up the ante and transform their swords into a giant jet in an attempt to escape but our heroine has other ideas [Music] with one flash of her sword our heroine defeats the stereo lovers she reclaims a piece of her heart and steals a piece of ours we hope you enjoy sayonara wild hearts on Apple arcade thank you thank you healthy what an awesome soundtrack these three talented partners joined so many more amazing developers bringing new games to Apple arcade this year Apple arcade is available starting on September 19th that's in over 150 countries around the world we'll be introducing over 100 new games to our launch catalog in the weeks ahead so how much does unlimited access to all these amazing games cost just $4.99 a month for the whole and we're launching with a one-month free trial we hope you have a blast playing all the incredible games on Apple arcade thanks and back to you Tim thank you an apple arcade is a gaming service unlike any other out there we can't wait to start playing when it launches later this month next up let's talk about Apple TV plus our mission for Apple TV plus is to bring you the best original stories from the most creative minds in television and film stories that help you find inspiration that are grounded in emotion truly stories to believe in stories with purpose this summer we released three trailers for a few of our premiere originals like for all mankind an innovative reimagine ation of the space race in Dickenson starring Hailee Steinfeld a coming-of-age story about Emily Dickinson told in a completely modern way and the morning show with this blockbuster cast during Reese Witherspoon Steve Carell and Jennifer Aniston in her first TV series since friends the reaction to these trailers has been incredible they've been viewed over a hundred million times in fact the trailer for the morning show is one of the most watched trailers for any new television show ever this is incredible and the new issue of Entertainment Weekly calls the morning show fall's most anticipated series this morning I want to share with you one of the most imaginative thrilling and thought-provoking dramas ever see stars Jason Momoa and it takes place hundreds of years into the future in a world without sight we worked with blind and low-vision cast crew and consultants who provided the detail and the authenticity for how this world should be defined today I am so excited to share with you the worldwide premiere trailer for C [Applause] centuries from now almost all humans have lost the ability to see some say sight was taken from them by God to heal the earth for the few who remain vision is only a myth but after so many years the power of sight has returned what is it sometimes different the children they have the ability to see my children they have the power that we would call magical or evil must protect them for centuries we feared this day would come the evil of light ones almost destroyed the world and now it has returned find the children who can't sleep and drink some tea if we give the babies they might leave us alone go I start with [Music] the social market they will print knowledge that will begin in the world your family we are one we fight his point [Applause] the moment has come it's astonishing how the smallest moment can change an entire world I hope that you think thank you I hope that you can get a sense of why I love that show and I think that you will too now these are just a few of the exclusive originals from the exciting Apple TV Plus lineup with Apple TV plus you'll get access to these and so many more the best movies comedies dramas and kids shows now I know that some of you have been wondering when will Apple TV Plus be available and how much will it cost well today we're excited to tell you that the first shows will be available on November 1st and will be thank you and we'll be adding more Apple originals every month a new Apple TV plus will be available in over a hundred countries at launch and it is just $4.99 per month all of these incredible shows for the price of a single movie rental this is crazy we are so excited about Apple TV plus that we wanted to do something really special and so starting today when you buy an iPhone an iPad a Mac or an Apple TV you get one year of Apple TV plus included so we can't wait for you to start watching Apple TV Plus on November 1st in the Apple TV app across all of your screens that's Apple TV Plus now let's turn our attention to I pad we created iPad we set out to design something truly unique a product that you could take with you everywhere and that it's so fun and so easy to use and now with hundreds of hundreds of millions of iPads out in the world iPad is transforming the way we create learn work and play this has been a huge year for iPad we've revamped our entire lineup starting with the new iPad Mini all the way up to the powerful iPad pros and we push what people could do with iPad further than ever before with the introduction of iPad OS iPad OS is an advanced operating system with a new name to recognize the distinctive experience of iPad of course iPad OS builds on the same same foundation as iOS but adds powerful new capabilities and intuitive features that are specific to the large display and versatility of the iPad iPad unique integration of hardware software with over 1 million apps that are specifically designed to take advantage of the large canvas provide an experience that you won't find on any other device out there we have never been more excited about the future of iPad and to tell you about the newest iPad I'd like to invite jaws to the stage jaws thank you thank you we're incredibly excited about iPad OS and our entire iPad lineup but today I want to talk to you about our most popular iPad the 9.7 inch delivers so much versatility at such an affordable price and it brings more new users to our iPad than any other model in fact for nearly 60% of these users this is their very first iPad and we're about to make this iPad a whole lot better because we're replacing the 6th generation iPad with this the new seventh generation iPad this is a big upgrade with some great new features and it's designed to make the most out of iPad OS of course iPad is a magical piece of glass you can become almost anything we want it to be so the display is so important to the iPad experience and we're making the display even bigger this iPad has a new larger 10.2 inch Retina display it has nearly three and a half million pixels when you compare it to this the top-selling PC laptop in the u.s. for the first half this year I know I know this display has more than three times the number of pixels plus greater brightness and a much wider viewing angle so your content always looks amazing under the hood of this iPad is the a10 fusion chip so that means that this iPad is up to two times faster than that top-selling PC and for the very first time our new most popular iPad features the smart connector so you can effortlessly connect the optional full-size smart keyboard which delivers a great typing experience in a thin and light design that also folds into a protective cover and we're especially excited that this iPad was engineered to take full advantage of iPad OS iPad OS is packed with an enormous breadth of new features designed for iPads unique capabilities including the redesign homescreen powerful new ways to work with multiple apps deeper integration with Apple pencil desktop class browsing with Safari and so much more iPad OS truly expands what you can do with this iPad so let's take it for a quick spin first let's talk about multitasking with iPad OS it's never been easier to get to your favorite apps you can quickly switch between multiple apps and slide over or fan them out to pick the one you want or you can swipe along the bottom to get between multiple spaces you can even use the same app like notes across multiple spaces and paired with different apps it's perfect for working on multiple projects Safari brings desktop-class browsing to iPad so now you can create a website and Squarespace or edit your documents in Google Docs right in Safari and with a simple simple pinch on the soft keyboard a new floating keyboard appears gives you more room for your content and a great and a great one-handed typing experience is awesome iPad OS enables new workflows on iPad so now you can even connect your SD card or your thumb drive to quickly browse your photos and videos right in the files app and you have a whole new video editing experience with powerful new tools in the new enhanced Photos app you can add filters and effects you could even crop and rotate your video and there's some great new ways to use Apple pencil simply swipe up from the bottom corner to capture a screenshot or choose the new full page option to create a PDF of a full web page or your document and from there you can mark it up there notes and share it all without ever putting the pencil down and there's so much more to iPad including our awesome new services I mean gaming on the iPad was already awesome but now it's even better because of Apple arcade you can't get anything like this on any other device or just lean back and enjoy all that amazing Apple TV plus content and as Tim just told you you seem to like it you even get one year of Apple TV plus included for free we think the combination of iPad OS our new service offerings this new iPad hardware is simply incredible so this is the new 7th generation iPad 10.2 inch Retina display support for Apple pencil and full-sized smart keyboard and as you would expect great cameras sensors and ultra-fast wireless all packed into a thin and light design that's durable and weighs about a pound and for the very first time our enclosure is made from 100% recycled we're really proud that we can continue to expand our environmental achievements for this our most popular iPad we're also proud that with all these enhancements this new iPad will start at just $329 and when you think about all the things this iPad can do we can't think of another device that delivers this much value and for our education customers it's even more affordable at 299 and you can well there you go you can order it today and it will start shipping at the end of the month it really has been a big year for iPad this new iPad joins the new ipad mini ipad air and iPad pros all taken further than ever before with iPad OS so that's the news for iPad now back to Tim fakes jaws this new iPad will enable so many more people to experience the power and versatility of iPad now next up let's talk about Apple watch Apple watch puts groundbreaking health fitness and communications capabilities onto the risk of millions and millions of people today Apple watch is everywhere and it's making a difference in so many ways all over the world we hear firsthand everyday about the truly personal and profound impacts that the Apple watch is having on people's lives so we made a video for you this morning to share just some of these stories with you dear mr. Cook dear Apple dear Tim so the run began as usual I was 32 weeks pregnant getting ready to go to bed the next morning I'd have notifications on my watching my phone saying your heart rate is elevating I was like ah that's strange and I run my EKG and it says 220 beats and I'm like something's not right I told my husband like we need to go he was like I'm in the middle of cutting grass and like we need to go and then suddenly I woke up to be abused this is my husband Kyle he's going out to cut the grass when I fell it automatically call 911 cause my wife when I think about what happened and what could have happened once we got to the hospital they realized it was some sort of infection my heart rate was spiking and it was causing the baby's heart rates to get lower and lower so emergency c-section and she was born had surgery it summated that I would have had a heart attack within less than 12 months I mean like I'm like you have goosebumps I don't know if you can see them through like the camera it's crazy it's not something you think of your watch blah saving your life anyway hi in the past I didn't prioritize taking care of myself but now I've gained the ability to be active in ways that I never would've dreamed of all because the computer my wrist told me it was time to fill the rings yeah closing weeks like this little reminder going okay you can do a little better today when I see the little rings of light get your moves in today sometimes it used to be like mind your business Apple watch but then it's like you know what I do need to get my movement I like the idea of achievements that you get for every small things done it has I just reminded me I should stand out by the way to go shoot you to NATO missile early on you stay home and put makeup thank you [Music] he's the blur and that's his nickname as the blur Harrison is on the autism spectrum and he's on the cross-country and track teams here at the school he was having some issues with anxiety and crowd noise the sound of the cheering just there's mail so I paired up my watch with my headphones and the music helps me focus when he started running with music playing it was like seeing a different athlete this moment of triumph goosebumps and tears and cinematic Apple needs to know this happened but you did in your brainstorming sessions came to life and helped save mine dear I just had to tell my story I will be forever grateful I had no idea that one day it would save my life what I want to say is thank you thank you thank you [Music] thank you okay thank you thank you it is it's truly inspiring to see the difference that the Apple watch is making they the hearing these stories really make my heart sing and these are just a few of the amazing stories that I get every day now in addition to helping individuals Apple watch is having an impact on another important area that affects all of us and that is health research we're excited about how Apple watch can make a tremendous difference in this area and to tell you more about it I'd like to invite sümbül to the stage Sumbul what makes the amazing stories you just saw even possible are the incredible capabilities built into Apple watch each one requiring extensive development and research this deep focus on science is the foundation of many of our product features especially the ones focused on health for example the irregular heart rhythm notification was developed from the using the data from the largest study ever focused on atrial fibrillation over 400,000 people participated in the Apple heart study and this showed for the first time that a SmartWatch could help in the early detection of afib it transformed how we look at cardiovascular science we were so encouraged that today we are announcing three new health research studies starting with the Apple hearing study since apple watch is on you all the time and can now measure sound levels in your environment this study will analyze how your daily sound exposure impacts your long-term hearing health for this study we're working with the experts at the University of Michigan and the World Health Organization for our second study we're using the new cycle tracking feature that we introduced in June the Apple women's health study focuses on an area that hasn't received much attention in many years it'll look at how menstrual cycles can inform the screening for important conditions like infertility and osteoporosis for this novel study we're partnering with the Harvard School of Public Health and the NIH finally the apple heart and movement study will look at how metrics from apple watch can serve as early warning signs and help create innovative interventions to improve overall health for this study we're so excited to be partnering with the American Heart Association and the cardiovascular experts at the Brigham and Women's Hospital if you would like to participate in this research and make a contribution to potential medical discoveries you can enroll using the new apple research app where you can enroll perform tasks and view your data of course you decide what data you want to share and with whom Apple cannot access any information that directly identifies you the new apple research app will be available in the US later this year now back to Tim thank you some more we're really excited about the impact the research app can have it gives us all of us an amazing opportunity to participate in health research that could lead to innovations to improve our health and the health of future generations so I hope that you check it out since the beginning innovation has been the core of the Apple watch innovations that really matter to people from the life changing to the potentially life savings many of these technologies were barely imaginable just a few years ago Apple watch has become the most advanced and most loved SmartWatch in the world and to tell you all about what's next with the Apple watch I'd like to invite up Stan in Stan thanks Tim we want to make apple watch even better for all the things you do in place as you go and so today I'm so excited to share with you the next generation of Apple watch [Music] [Music] [Music] introducing Apple watch Series 5 featuring an innovative new display that is always on the new always-on Retina Display Never Sleeps so the watch face is always visible with previous models of Apple watch when you lowered your wrist the display would go completely dark but now with series 5 you always be able to see your time and complications hey risks razor a tap brings everything back to full brightness now the new always-on display is just loaded with advanced technologies so I want to tell you about it it all starts with the industry's only low temperature poly-silicon and oxide display or LTP Oh LTP allows the display to refresh dynamically from as high as 60 Hertz to as low as one Hertz which is extremely power efficient there's also a new low power display driver an ultra efficient power management integrated circuit and a new ambient light sensor which all work seamlessly together by combining this incredible hardware with innovative software we're able to deliver this always-on display while still maintaining the same all-day 18 hour battery life now all of the watch faces have been carefully tuned for the new display so you'll always be able to see your time in your complications we've also optimized the screens for all of the workouts in the workout apps so you'll be able to see your workout metrics without raising your wrist this always on display is perfect for those times when you can't raise your wrist or tap the display or when you're in a social or work setting where you kind of want to just sneak a quick glance at the top right or when you're the middle of a crazy hard workout where a wrist raise just isn't possible the new always on display is gonna be useful for so many different situations throughout the day we can't wait for you to try it next let's talk about another new feature in series 5 a built-in compass now with the updated Maps app you'll be able to see which way you're facing just like on your iPhone you can add the compass to your watch face so you can see your direction at a glance and there's even a new compass app which allows you to see not only your heading but also your latitude longitude current elevation and incline now our developers can take advantage of the compass as well so the direction is always clear when you're hiking with wiki elope paddleboarding with goes up or searching out the constellations with night sky next let's talk about safety features Apple watch has some important safety features built right in like fall detection emergency SOS medical ID now emergency SOS could be life-saving should you ever need it and so we wanted to make it even more capable now with series 5 every cellular model has international emergency calling so you can call emergency services in over a hundred and fifty countries around the world just by pressing and holding down the side button even without your iPhone we think this will give you great peace of mind if you ever travel internationally next another important benefit of Apple watch is being able to express your personal style and Series five has the widest assortment of case finishes ever aluminum models come in silver gold and Space Gray and now the cases are made from a hundred percent recycled aluminum stainless-steel models come in gold space black and polished and were introducing new models for the first time in titanium this natural brushed titanium maintained his color through a special surface treatment than Apple custom engineered and there's also a second model in titanium in this brush space black with a diamond light coating Sears five will be available in ceramic as well in this brilliant white color really beautiful there are new Apple watch Nike models featuring new Nike sport band's new reflective sport loops and cool new Nike watch faces and there are new Hermes models in these beautiful color block bands with a classic or mass print aren't they cool this year we're also introducing Hermes models in black featuring space black stainless steel cases featuring handcraft noir leather bands these are just stunning of course every Apple watch is designed and manufactured in the most environmentally friendly way possible we're so excited about Apple watch Series 5 with its always-on display compass international emergency calling and all the other great features like its swim proof you can take an ECG fall detection Apple pay all the new features of watch the what six it truly is the most capable Apple watch ever series five GPS models will start at just three ninety-nine and $4.99 for cellular models you'll be able to order series five starting today right after the keynote and they'll be available in our stores starting September 20th we're also keeping the very popular series three in the line series three is a great watch it has GPS heart rate sensor it's swim proof the new features of watch illah six and now starting at a low price of just $1.99 and that's Apple watch thank you back to you Tim Thank You Stan I'm really excited about this new Apple watch lineup and with all of the new amazing features Apple watch is going to enable you to do even more than before we created a fun video to demonstrate just this I'd love to play it for you now this watch tells time and takes phone calls this watch tells time and turns on lights and opens up doors this watch tells time and communicates with satellites twelve thousand four hundred and twenty seven miles above the earth it wakes you up and gets you onto subways and place every Elton John studio album hey Siri play tumbleweed connection ever recorded play goodbye yellow brick road say madman across the window this watch tells time and sets timers and set your pace and warns you when it's too loud and text your friends and opens portals kidding and tracks your distance underwater and starts competitions and accepts challenges and tracks your workouts and tells you which direction you should be going and reminds you to breathe and has an app that measures the exact timing of the electrical waves traveling through the upper and lower chambers of your heart otherwise known as an electrocardiogram so in conclusion just to reiterate this watch tells time I love that video I love that video it really helps you understand so many of the amazing things that the watch can do next up let's talk about iPhone iPhone in the incredible capabilities that it puts into people's hands has changed the way we live our lives in ways that we never could have imagined it's become so essential for hundreds and hundreds of millions of people all over the world it's changed industries and led to the creation of entirely new ones and it's made a profound impact on all of our daily lives customers love I phone and we keep striving to make it better and better last year we launched three incredible iPhones the iPhone 10 R became the most popular iPhone and the most popular smartphone in the world we also launched the iPhone 10 s and the iPhone 10 s max the most advanced iPhones we have ever created these three iPhones together have a combined 99% customer satisfaction this is the highest in the industry really unbelievable customers love I phone because we focus on technologies that matter most in their lives today I am thrilled to share with you the newest iPhone [Applause] [Music] [Music] this is iPhone 11 the next generation of iPhone and it is jam-packed with great new capabilities in an incredible new design to tell you all about iPhone 11 I'd like to invite Cayenne to the stage pan Thank You Tim the innovations an iPhone 11 are truly remarkable and that starts with a design iPhone 11 has a beautiful anodized aluminum and glass design and that glass it's a toughest ever in a smartphone on the front and back in the glass it surrounds the camera has a sculpted 3d geometry and it was precision milled down from a single piece of glass to achieve this elegant look iPhone 11 comes in six new colors with an all-new purple white yellow green black and product red it has a 6.1 inch liquid Retina display with true tone white color tapped awake and haptic touch in even more places with Iowa's 13 like contextual menus now videos are wonderful to watch on this display and now we have spatial audio which provides an immersive theater like experience by creating a sound field around you using an apple design virtualizer and we support Dolby Atmos for an incredible sound experience now let's talk about camera iPhone is the world's most popular camera and it gets even better with iPhone 11 we have an amazing dual camera system with an all-new wide camera with a new sensor with a hundred percent focused pixels for faster autofocus three times faster and low-light and we have a new ultra wide camera with a hundred and twenty degree field of view this will let you capture way more in your photos and videos because now you can take a wide camera shot like this but switch to the ultra wide to reveal the so now see the beautiful framing my mother nature but the details still are there in the sky the rocks in the sand this is doing an optical zoom out to X so you can capture way more without moving so now when you're taking a wide camera shot you'll see our new immersive camera interface but lets you see outside the frame hinting at a bigger shot then you can simply tap to switch to the ultra wide revealing more of your scene this is great for these epic landscape shots where you can see edge to edge all this detail and it's also great for tight spaces where you can't physically back up but the ultra wide lets you do that revealing more of your story you can use an angle like this to take a heroic and dynamic shot because the ultra wide can elongate your subject it keep all these details sharp from her red dress all the way to her face now these are some examples of great ultra wide photos we've also updated our image pipeline which processes over a trillion operations per photo and it's got our image signal processor and it has our neural Engine for machine learning and now we've added semantic rendering this allows us to more intelligently detect subjects and relight them with detail so they look even better now we use this across your photos including in our next-gen smart HDR you can see the gorgeous smile in her warm face accentuated by the backlit Sun now we're using multi scale tone mapping so we can treat highlights differently in different parts of the image depending on what's best for them now it works here in portrait mode and people love taking portraits on iPhone 11 and either 11 has this wide-angle camera so you can take these beautiful wide shots of portraits for people but now with two cameras we have stereoscopic depth so now you can also take portraits of your favorite pets and you can also use creative depth-of-field for shots like this now we have a new portrait lighting effect and that's Heike mono you can take a stunning studio quality portrait like this from a pretty ordinary background alright let's talk about night mode this is for those very low-light environments like outdoors at night or inside a dimly lit restaurant and night mode comes on automatically when it's dark enough to brighten photos and reduce noise here's an image with night mode turned off here it is with night mode turn on we determined the image fusion time and use adaptive bracketing based on what we see in preview so shorter frames if you have subject motion or longer frames if you have deep shadows to recover them then we intelligently fuse images together reducing motion and blur all right we know you love taking videos and you're capturing more than ever an iPhone so I'm really excited to show you the first video shot on iphone 11 entirely on our wide and ultra wide cameras [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] so the quality is just astounding that was shot in 4k resolution and all the shots including the ones overhead or handheld so it's making use of our even better cinematic video stabilization so in taking video you can easily tap to switch to the ultra wide camera to capture even more on your scene you can also use the zoom wheel to just transition easily between the two cameras now we make it great to capture in all the formats you love because we support 4k resolution up to 60 frames per second slow-mo time-lapse cinematic video stabilization and now extended dynamic range at 4k up to 60 frames per second and this is across both cameras which is pretty cool we also wanted to make it easier for you to take a quick video with quick take so now when you're taking photos and you decide you want to take a quick video simply tap and hold the shutter button to record a video you can do that without changing frames so video really shines on iPhone 11 in fact it has the highest quality video ever in a smartphone this is enabled by a real time processing across our camera hardware our software our video encoders and our chip so that's the amazing dual camera system on iPhone 11 with their new wide and ultra wide 4 2 X optical zoom out night mode a brighter flash next gen smart HDR and the highest quality video it will change the way you take your photos and videos we've also updated our front a true depth camera to a wider 12 megapixel sensor so now you can still take your 7 megapixel selfies as you normally would but simply rotate to landscape to capture even more people using that wider sensor also on the front camera we've added 4k video with extended dynamic range up to 30 frames per second and you can also capture on the front at 4k 60 as well now we've also added slow-motion video to the front camera for the first time now we think this is going to be really fun it's so fun that we created a little ad about it and we couldn't resist showing you [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] okay so we want this to inspire you to go take some awesome slow fees because we can't wait too soon all right now so much of our great camera is also enabled by performance and iPhone 11 has leading performance for your everyday to the most demanding tasks in fact our Apple design chips have led the industry for many years Ben says the a12 is so far ahead of the industry that it will still be competitive with the best Android smartphones in two years well now we're introducing the a13 Bionic the next generation of our industry-leading chip so if you look at CPU performance with the iPhone 10 hours a 12 Y onic chip it still leads the pack in terms of the latest smartphones and chips well the a 13 Bionic is just going to extend that leave even further the a 13 is the fastest CPU ever in a smartphone and that's great because everything you do every day from morning till night makes use of the chip so what about graphics well if you look at the a12 still leading the pack in GPU performance and the a13 Bionic is just going to get even faster because the a13 Bionic is also the fastest GPU ever in the car and to show you more about that because this is great for mobile gaming I'd like to introduce giant Network they are the force behind some of the most popular mobile games in China and now with their studio tips works they're preparing to release their first global title it's called Pascal's wager and I'd like to introduce yang Yang the founder of tips works thank you we have been working on in exciting action wrapping gear let's take a look past Casa wager it's a dark fantasy action game your take on a journey through a messy for world the game happens in a place that you're surrounded by internal darkness and a few minutes must make a pass by state blow to joints does illuminate you will notice the fantastical creatures which look amazing with meta to shaders please can select the one of four characters and can change throughout to use different skills now we will change it to Bonita whose powerful web can take out enemies middle engine we spent hours of recruiting the perfect sounds of footsteps change and even blade slashing details are clear with the iPhone spatial audience let's watch a spenita fight this monster [Applause] so we trailed albo we see the benefits of hunter processing effects including anti aliasing and bloom which are only possible with a GPU of the new iPhone of this with an incredible 60 frames-per-second of smooth performance which comes in handy as we keep evil at bay speaking of evil our hero could use some help we don't want to spoil anything this is a preview of Pascal's wager pre-order exclusively on the App Store next month thank you so I just have to say how remarkable it is that a game like that with those kinds of phenomenal graphics can run on a small and powerful chip in the palm of your hand a 13 Bionic so just kudos to that and our incredible silicon engineers we can't wait to see Pascal's wager and what else other developers will come up with with the a13 all right so battery we know that battery life is really important to customers and last year with the iPhone 10 are we already have the longest battery life in an iPhone ever and it was a big leap and our customers loved it so with the advancements in iPhone 11 it'll still have an hour more and vim battery that your iPhone 10 R 4 the advances in iPhone 11 really touch areas that customers experience every day this is innovation that matters powerful dual camera system night mode and things we didn't even have time to talk about like faster face ID water and dust resistance wireless charging Wi-Fi six and more we think customers will love iPhone 11 and we've created a really fun video all about it [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] i phone 11 offer so much meaningful innovation and we want even more people to experience it so we're really excited to offer iPhone 11 at just $6.99 we think this is an amazing phone that everyone will love thank you and now back to Tim Thank You Cayenne the new iPhone 11 is simply amazing we designed it with our customers in mind and it will impact their lives in meaningful ways every day but we didn't stop there for our customers that want the most sophisticated technology that really pushes the limits we've created something truly special and I'm thrilled to introduce it to you now [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] this is the iPhone 11 Pro and these are the most powerful and most advanced iPhones that we have ever built in a stunning new design I'd like to invite Phil up to tell you all about them Phil thank you Tim and good morning everyone how you doing out there but this is the first phone that we've called pro and for us that means it's a device that pros can count on to get their work done but it's also product for all of us who want simply the best product made even if we're not a pro so let's talk all about it we'll start with this incredible stunning new pro design this is the most advanced and detailed iPhone we've made yet it's made of a surgical grade stainless steel that back is a single piece of machine glass with an optical PVD coating there's a beautiful new mat textured finish that looks great and feels awesome in your hand iPhone 11 pro comes in some gorgeous new finishes this is an all-new midnight green there's a very pro Space Gray a beautiful silver and a new gold these are incredible all right let's talk about this pro display it comes in two sizes five point eight inches and 6.5 inches they have the highest pixel density of any display Apple makes our super Retina display is the most advanced we've ever built into an iPhone it's a new OLED panel that has 2 million to 1 contrast ratio P three-wide color true tone have to touch and now a much brighter up to 1200 nits that's incredibly bright while also being 15% more energy-efficient now this incredible new display has a love of a brightness contrast ratio color in detail well really it's the experience that we're building into the new display for the Mac Pro we call that the pro display XDR and now that experience is being built into an iPhone in addition to that it has the spatial audio sound the Cayenne told you about as HDR 10 we vision dolby atmos so we decide it's worthy of a new name we call it the super retina xD our display alright let's talk about performance a pro level performance as you know our a series chips have kept Apple ahead of the industry for years now and the a13 Bionic is going to extend that lead well to tell you even more about the a13 Bionic I'm really excited to bring up three some phantom is our vice president of silicon engineering sri thank you hello everyone our engineering team at Apple has been designing chips for iPhone for over a decade and today I'm excited to talk to you about eight 13 Bionic our latest creation and we have touched everything now at Apple we have the benefit of owning the entire vertical stack the software the system hardware and the chip design and we work together to optimize every block on the chip all the way from the transistor up through the package design to work efficiently for iOS and iPhone we've touched so many things that improve so many things in the 813 Bionic but today I'd like to talk to you about two specific improvements machine learning and low-power design first machine learning we use machine learning all throughout iPhone and in our chips our CPU GPU and neural engine are all optimized for different types of machine learning workloads and in a 13 Bionic we made them all faster 4ml particularly the cpu it we added brand new machine learning accelerators in our CPUs these accelerators are built on matrix multiplication very fast that's an operation that's used frequently in ml computation these dedicated accelerators allow the CP to process matrix math operations up to 6x faster making the CPU capable of over one trillion operations per second now as developers experiment on the bleeding edge of ml the CPU can accelerate these nascent evolving models in addition the chip works our latest generation of the Apple Design machine learning controller so that ml models can be automatically and seamlessly scheduled on the CPU GPU and neural engine balancing efficiency and performance together with iPhone 11 Pro this creates a fully integrated platform where developers can do some incredible things like natural language processing image classification in photos and videos and character animation and people occlusion in AR apps all of this makes i phone 11 pro the best machine learning platform in any smartphone the second thing I'd like to talk to you today about is how we lowered the power of the a13 Bionic it is our most efficient chip today and here are a few reasons why first it starts with the transistors the fundamental building blocks of our chips and 8:13 Bionic uses an advanced improved 2nd generation 7 nanometer transistor the most advanced in the industry and we carefully tailored each transistor for high performance and low power and we did this with over eight and a half billion transistors that's the most we've ever put into any iPhone chip but it's not just a sheer volume of transistors to get both high performance and low power you need great architecture one example of that is our hot apple architected high-efficiency CPU cores these cores are the most efficient place to run lightweight tasks and powerful enough to use most of the time giving you great battery life finally at the design level we apply many many low-power design techniques to increase the efficiency of our design for example we have hundreds of voltage domains on the chip so we light up only the sections of the chip that need to function at any given time but that's not all we have hundreds of thousands of got caught gating domains so we only turn on the smallest amount of logic in the chip dramatically reducing power the result is our highest performing highest performing most efficient design ever all of our core CPU GPU and ural engine are all up to 20 percent faster in addition at the same time as we move performance up for those applications and tasks that don't need more performance in the a 12 we were able to reduce the power of all our engines for example or GPU by up to 40% all of this translates to great performance and battery life for our customers and in addition combined to the thermal design of the iPhone 11 Pro we have our best sustained performance ever and that's 813 bionic it is our most efficient most performant chip we have ever built for iPhone we can't wait for our customers and developers succeed in action thank you and back to film well thank you three so what is our team done to help the battery keep up with this incredible level of pro performance we are so excited to tell you that with iPhone 11 Pro you now get up to four hours longer in your day with iPhone 11 Pro max up to five hours longer their day we're also including our fast charge 18 watt adapter in the box you can charge them all faster too so I know I know what you're waiting for I am too let's talk about the cameras now question my favorite part about iPhone this is the first iPhone that we've had a camera system that we call pro it's really worthy of this name so what does it have first it has a new wide camera that has a fast F 1.8 aperture and focus pixels to cover a hundred percent of the sensor it is a new telephoto camera with a larger F 2.0 aperture it lets in 40% more light and has a new ultra wide camera with a super wide 120 degree field of view and a tremendous range of focus across the entire image now all these work together with the a13 Bionic chip and its new generation image signal processor and that enables a whole new level of photography pro photography and you're just going to love it so let's let's go to one that some of the things that does first with the telephoto camera and the ultra wide do the ability to zoom in two times and zoom out two times that's a 4x optical zoom range with these three cameras you have incredible creative control so for example you can use the telephoto and getting close on your subject to really zoom in on it or you can use the wide to tell bit more of a story or you can pull all the way out to the ultra wide and reveal the full surroundings you can take all three shots from one vantage point now we've given iphone 11pro to some pro photographers to use to see what they can do with this incredible new camera system and first they absolutely love it and they are excited to share with you some of the photos they've taken so we've picked from all the incredible shots they've taken six we're gonna go through six shots that pros have taken to show you some of the different cameras and what's possible and they're just stunning and here's a perfect one to start with look at this image it is shot with the wide camera shot by Jordy wood shot it in a perfect named place for this photo Picabo Canyon and Kanab Utah that's just the awesome name for this look at the eye the detail in the eye the it's the details in the eyelashes the incredible skin tones this is a great photo show the power of this new camera system here's another shot very different kind of shot also taken with that wide camera this was shot by Jake Michaels in LA you can see caught a moment frozen in time the fast shutter speed and capture the light just bouncing off those frozen water droplets and it uses our black and white pro level image filter which gives incredible tonal grayscale to it all right now let's switch over the telephoto is an incredible shot taken by Francesca Alan out in Malibu just the incredible image clarity stunning environment skin tones are beautiful shot by the natural light and that's just the natural depth of field of that aperture with F 1.8 F 2.0 it is amazing and the Blues of the sky in the water just stunning so now let's look at a portrait mode shot of the telephoto camera it's very different than than than what you would take this is backlit a backlit portrait mode telephoto shot by Jeff Jake Michaels and you just see the incredible silhouette but so much detail in the hair look at the blue and gold backlit just such vibrant colors a stunning image all right now let's look at a photo taken with our new ultra wide camera Jake Michaels took this down in Venice Beach over a skateboard park how did you take this got up on a cherry picker 50 feet above the ground I think many of us would would be a little nervous doing that but for us he did it took a shot down with the wide-angle the super wide camera just see this incredible abstract image looks stunning the focus is incredible because of the depth of focus of that camera all right one more example this is shot with the ultra wide by Kiara's Anka shot this in Arizona see this amazing contrast between the lights and the darks and mid-tones the sky the landscape is just surreal this is just this otherworldly kind of shot that we'd all love to get so those are six examples of photos using the three cameras there what pros can do if you put it in their hands with their incredible talent it's amazing stuff well now what we want to do yep now we want to give you a sneak peak of a new feature coming in the camera that will be available with the software update this fall but it's so cool we have to tell you about it it's using the knurl engine of the a13 Bionic to create a whole brand-new kind of image processing system we call it deep fusion and this is so cool so that to tell you what it's doing when you do that while we look at an image so this is a photo that was shot on an iPhone 11 pro using this deep fusion technology and this kind of an image would not have been possible for we use machine learning to take this photo and low to medium light and it's unlike anything possible with the iPhone camera before so what what is it doing how do we get an image like this all right you ready for this what it does it shoots nine images before you press the shutter button it's already shot for short images for secondary images when you press the shutter button it takes one long exposure and then in just one second the knurl engine analyzes the fuse combination of long and short images picking the best among them selecting all the pixels and pixel by pixel going through 24 million pixels to optimize for detail and low noise like you see on the sweater there it is amazing this is the first time a neural engine is responsible for generating the output image it is computational photography mad science this way all right now let's talk about video iPhone 11 Pro is a powerful new video camera system all three cameras shoot 4k 60 frame a second extended dynamic range video with beautiful highlights and shadow details so of course we gave iPhone 11 Pro to a professional cinematographer and director and asked them to take it to a back lot in LA shoot something and show us all what's possible with this brand new camera system and that's what we want to show you now [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] that incredible that was not always shot but also edited entirely an iPhone 11 pro by director of photography Guillermo Garza and director at Diego Contreras thank you guys that is just stunning video and the team works hard to make sure that you can get consistent image capture across all three video cameras we actually paired the three cameras right at the factory calibrating them for color and exposure and then all the time while you're using them we actually do some smart things like we in real time take data from the camera you're shooting with and prime the other cameras automatically for auto focus auto exposure color temperature even tone mapping so you can get a smooth transition across all three cameras while we minimize any shifts in color or exposure and for pros who want to edit this video quickly on device now with iOS 13 we have new advanced video editing features built into the Photos app so you can do things like edit a video for exposure color temperature even cropping and scaling right in the palm of your hands so this is the new camera system in iPhone 11 Pro we think pros are gonna love it we're all gonna love it it is incredible new wide ultra wide telephoto cameras a highest quality video ever four times optical zoom new smarter HDR new night mode on and on it is an incredibly we even have reach designed the camera out there's a new font in it called SF camera it is so pro you're gonna love using it now on top of all of this iPhone 11 Pro it's really the only pro camera with a native app ecosystem there's App Store has over 50 over 30 thousand photo and video app so you can do just about anything can imagine right on device so a great example of this is filmic they make a great app called filmic Pro that makes it possible for award-winning directors to push the boundaries of what's possible with cinematic filmmaking on iphone so we're really honored to invite up their CTO Christopher Cohen and along with them director of acclaimed films the Florida Project and tangerine the first theatrical trailer shot entirely on iPhone Shaun Baker welcome guys I shot tangerine on iphone using filmic Pro and I've been working closely with Chris and the filmic team ever since now every shot has the right lens as a filmmaker it's my job to figure out which lens that is unset I use a tool called the directors viewfinder it helps me find a frame and choose focal length filmmakers have been doing it like this for nearly 75 years but what if you could use what we're all going to have in our pockets we're delighted to preview the next version of filmic Pro it's gonna move filmmaking forward let's take a look at the next generation of lens selection we've divided the viewfinder into individual feeds visualizing every field of view available on the new iPhone with the new a 13 and the higher sustained performance of the new iPhone you can shoot with our most complex capture pipeline up to five times longer than before but now you can shoot with multiple cameras at the same time giving filmmakers even more options and I love that because it's totally transformative with two cameras rolling in filmic Pro I get twice as much coverage on the same take reducing my number of takes and giving me more options in post to facilitate that we employ a compound overlay representing the primary and secondary cameras while both are being recorded simultaneously I can focus in on my akin to compose or back up to see my widest field of view I'm always excited when I see evolution in filmmaking style and craft and this multicam feature will give me new creative options for covering scenes such as how I would approach the traditional shot reverse shots right Sean we can even couple this incredible ultra wide camera with the front-facing camera this enables me to capture the organic and intimate interaction between two individuals in one unbroken take with a single unobtrusive device so I can literally take the audience and slap them right in the middle of a conversation it's not only incredible for narrative storytelling it will be wonderful for documentaries and journalism as well the ability to record multiple videos this amazing sustained performance and this incredible ultra wide lens it's all in one device it's going to change this industry the all-new filmic pro will be available later this year only in the App Store thank you Thank You Christopher and Shawn so this is iPhone 11 Pro in addition to the triple camera system a 13 Bionic longer battery life faster charging new designs there's also faster cellular better water resistance stronger glass and so much more we think this is the most exciting iPhone we've made yet we've made a video to tell you just a little bit more about it [Music] introducing iPhone 11 pro every detail has been used as an opportunity to set new standards in design quality and engineering ensuring it will deliver uncompromising performance in any situation at the core of the iPhone 11 crow design is a stainless steel structural band in a three dimensional glass pack made from the toughest glass in a smartphone if sculpted from a single solid sheet reinforce down to the atomic level and then brought to life in one of four textured matte finishes the enclosure is designed to withstand what life can throw at it rigorous testing and refining can help create a durable dust and water resistant iPhone [Music] the apple-designed 813 Bionic chip is the most ambitious to date it's the fastest chip ever in a smartphone yet more efficient than ever and with new optimized batteries that give you up to five extra hours in your day you get more proformance in an iphone the longer than ever the triple camera system combines cutting edge technology with the extraordinary ease of iphone a redesigned camera interface complements the new hardware with a more immersive and intuitive experience telephoto wide and new ultra wide cameras you can now view four times more scene in your photos and videos with the ultra-wide all new night mode allows you to capture images never before possible on an iPhone and drastically low in light the highest quality video in a smartphone is now even better with extended dynamic range now at 4k at 60fps you can record pro quality video at twice as many frames per second editing tools previously reserved for photos now make editing your videos a pro level experience perfect and then playback your footage on the new super Retina xtr display that has the highest pixel density of any Apple device privacy is built into every iPhone from the ground up from iOS 13 to face ID the most secure facial authentication in a smartphone which now works from greater angles and is even faster this new line of iPhone has been pushed to extremes like never before ensuring that each party is worthy of the name iPhone 11 Pro [Music] so iPhone 11pro and iPhone 11 are made to be designed free from these harmful materials and of course to reduce their impact on the environment and this is so important to us so I bring it up every time we want to keep pushing the boundaries of this iPhone 11 iPhone it up in pro our most advanced phones I think everyone's gonna want to show them off and some people like to protect them with cases so we have a new line of cases for them as well including clear cases for all three models so you can show off your beautiful new finishes so iPhone 11 Pro will start at $9.99 an iPhone 11 pro max it's just $100 more at 1099 you can pre-order all of them starting this Friday at a new time 5:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time so if you can get a few more hours of sleep and then get in line a pre-order they'll all start shipping on September 20th so this is our lineup of three new iPhones starting at six ninety nine ninety nine and ten ninety nine in addition to that we're going to keep iPhone 10 are in the line starting at just $5.99 and iPhone eight at four forty nine so there's a lot of great options for people at all different price points so that is our news today on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro back to you Tim with breakthrough technologies and advanced capabilities the all new iPhone 11 pro and iPhone 11 Pro max or just beyond incredible and of course the best place to learn more about these and get your hands on them are in our amazing retail stores and to tell you all about what's going on at retail I'd like to introduce you to dare draw Brian thanks so much Tim I would love to start this update on Apple retail by giving a huge shout out to our retail team members all around the world the customer truly is at the center of everything that we do and thanks to our passionate teams there really is no better place to see this in action than in our stores today we would love to share two ways we're making the experience even better let's start with personalization Apple Retail has always been the best place to help you customize and personalize your products and now we're going to take it even further with Apple watch currently we offer a wide selection of watches where we choose and pair the cases with the fans with Apple watch Series five we're thrilled to announce the all new Apple watch studio where you choose and pair any case with any band to create exactly the watch that you want the Apple watch studio experience is available in our stores and online and with so many different combinations there are nearly a thousand different ways to represent your own personal style now next we'd love to talk about Apple tradin I'd love to show you how it works you just saw all of this great news about our new iPhones and now you can use your current iPhone as credit towards a new iPhone and because we know many of our customers prefer to pay by months we're pleased to offer low monthly payments in a number of our countries Apple trade and makes your new iPhone even more affordable and because we reuse and recycle it's great for the planet now those are just two of the services that we offer there is so much more so much and the entire store experience is brought to life by our amazing teams and the care that they have for our customers this deep care along with our incredible collection of products services and experiences like today at Apple are designed to delight and are available only at Apple now finally our stores are the best place for a celebration so on September 20th the same day our new iPhones and Apple watches arrived we're thrilled to be hosting our biggest store reopening ever Apple 5th Avenue the newly expanded public plaza is going to be a wonderful place for the community together and inside everything's been completely transformed we've dramatically increased the height and we've nearly doubled the size making it our largest in the world apple 5th Avenue has a special place in our hearts and we can't wait to welcome you back that's a quick update on retail back to you too thank you thanks Kara I am so proud of our retail team and the unique experience they deliver to our customers every day they are amazing and I'm especially thrilled that the iconic 5th Avenue stores reopening I hope to see all of you there on September 20th what an exciting morning I hope you guys have had as much fun as I have we we shared the all new Apple arcade a game subscription service unlike any other come in to the App Store this month an Apple TV plus with powerful and unique Apple originals from today's most creative storytellers coming to the Apple TV app beginning November 1st and the new iPad bringing a 10 point 2 inch Retina display support for Apple pencil and smart keyboard and the power of iPad OS to more people than ever before the new Apple watch Series 5 with it's always on Retina display compass new finishes and the amazing new features of watch OS 6 the new iPhone 11 with its new dual camera system powerful a 13 chip beautiful new finishes and incredible capabilities and of course the stunning new iPhone 11 throw with is jam-packed with advanced technologies designed to enable people to do even more than before our mission at Apple has always been to design products that empower people and enrich people's lives to put technologies in your hands and to see all the wonderful things that you'll do with them we couldn't be more proud of the products and services that we shared with you this morning for those of you here today with us we'd like to invite you to experience them first in the hands-on area upstairs and I'd like to thank everyone at Apple for doing the best work of their lives in bringing these products and services to market and I'd like to thank everyone thank you and I especially like to thank everyone that came out this morning and everyone that tuned in online to watch the keynote this morning thank you and have a great day [Applause] you you ["Daydreamer" by Aurora playing] Good morning. And welcome to WWDC. WWDC is an incredibly important event
to Apple, our developers and our users. It's here that we bring
some of our biggest innovations to life. And we have not stopped innovating, doing the work that will enrich
people's lives for years to come. Because we're all looking forward
to a more hopeful tomorrow. That's why we believe it's so important
to have WWDC this year. And while it cannot possibly
feel the same in here without you, I can assure you
that we have a great show ahead of us. This year we're delivering the conference
in a whole new way to all of you around the world,
directly to your home. And we want to welcome you
to our home here at Apple Park. I'd like to first talk to you
about two big things that are happening in the world right now. To start, I want to address the topic
of racism, inequality and injustice and to recognize the pain being felt
throughout our nation, especially in
our Black and Brown communities, after the senseless killing
of George Floyd. And while the events of this past month
are sadly not new, they have caused us to face long-standing institutional inequalities
and social injustices. This country was founded on the principles
of freedom and equality for all. For too many people and for too long,
we haven't lived up to those ideals. We're inspired and moved by the passionate people around our nation
and around the world who have stood up to demand change. We must all aim far higher to build
a future that lives up to our ideals. This means taking action. Two weeks ago, we announced Apple's
Racial Equity and Justice Initiative with a commitment
of one hundred million dollars. Starting in the United States,
and expanding over time, this initiative will challenge
systemic barriers that limit opportunity
for communities of color in the critical areas of education,
economic equality and criminal justice. We also announced something important
for this community, the new Developer Entrepreneur Camp
for Black developers. We want to do everything we can to foster
the brightest lights and best ideas. At Apple, our mission has always been
to make the world a better place, and we're committed
to being a force for change. Right now our world is
also battling a virus that is affecting
the daily lives of billions of people. We want to thank the dedicated people
everywhere, especially our health-care workers, who have made tremendous sacrifices
to take care of those in need. We've also seen the profound impact
our products have had. People are relying on them more than ever
to remain connected to family and friends, to do their work,
to express their creativity, to be entertained
as well as to entertain others. Today the world is counting on all of us, and on the products and experiences
that we create, to move forward. Because throughout history, great challenges have been met with great
creativity and important breakthroughs. That's why we're so excited
about this year's conference. This is going to be truly a unique week, delivered unlike any
that we've done before. There will be more than a hundred
engineering-led video sessions, one-on-one consultations
with Apple engineers, developer forums and so much more, delivered to you from different locations
right here at Apple Park. And this year,
the conference will be available to our entire community
of 23 million developers, as well as anyone who is interested,
for free. Presenting the conference in this way
allows us to be more inclusive than ever. Perhaps this will inspire
the next generation of developers. So even though
we can't be together in person, in some ways we're going to be
more together than ever. Today we're going to push
each of our platforms forward in some exciting and breakthrough ways. With that, let's get started
by sending it over to Craig. Good morning. Great to have you here. As you can see, we've got a lot to cover,
so let's get started with iOS. Together with iPhone, iOS is central to how we navigate
our lives and stay connected. And now we're making it
even more powerful and easier to use. Our new release is iOS 14. This year we've spent time rethinking some of the most iconic elements
of the experience on iPhone. Now it all started here, with a carefully considered Home Screen
that has truly stood the test of time. Of course, over the years, we've kept
the fundamentals largely the same but carefully added features
like folders for organizing your apps, widgets for quick information and personalized experiences
powered by on-device intelligence that serve up just the right thing
at just the right moment. It's hard to imagine iPhone
without these features now. Well, that brings us to this year. We're doing more on our iPhones today
than ever before, so we've rethought some of
the core elements of iOS to reflect this. Let me give you a quick peek. ["Like This Like That" by
BEGINNERS & Night Panda playing] This is gonna be amazing. Let's dig in,
starting with the Home Screen. Today's Home Screen works great,
but as we get more and more apps, we can end up with this: lots and lots of pages. And we tend to forget
what's beyond the first couple. Wouldn't it be great if there were a way to organize
all of those apps without doing a thing? Well, this year we're doing just that
with something called the App Library. It's a new space
at the end of your Home Screen pages that automatically organizes all your apps in one simple and easy-to-navigate view. Let me show you. Here's my Home Screen. Now, like you, I have muscle memory built
for the first page or two, but when it comes to all of these pages, well, honestly, I've lost track
of where a lot of things are. And that's where the App Library comes in. You can see that all of my apps
are automatically organized here. In fact, now with the App Library, I actually don't need all those pages
for all my apps. So we created an easy way
to hide app pages. I just go into jiggle mode,
tap the dots at the bottom, and check this out, I get a zoomed-out view
of all my app pages. I can simply tap
to hide the pages I no longer need. Just like that. And now with those pages hidden, App Library is always
just a swipe or two away. So here in App Library, getting to the app
I'm looking for is really easy. Up at the top I have the Search field, and I get all my apps
organized from A to Z. Now over here on the upper left
I have Suggestions. It uses on-device intelligence to show me the apps
that I'm likely to need next. And on the right is Recently Added, giving me access to the apps that I've
recently downloaded from the App Store. And below are
intelligently curated categories. So I can tap into a category
like Apple Arcade and see all of my apps in that category. Now let's go back. You may notice
that in each of these categories the apps I use most are right here
at the top level, so I can launch one of these directly
with just a tap. So that's App Library. We think this is gonna make it
easier than ever to get to your apps. Next, let's turn to Widgets. Today, widgets help you get information
at a glance. But a lot has changed
since we first introduced these. Now we have Apple Watch, where we're able
to surface so much information on a small screen
that you wear on your wrist. Well, this year,
we're taking all that we've learned to create a completely reimagined
experience for widgets. To start,
they're more beautiful and data rich. And we're introducing different sizes, so you can choose one
that best fits your needs. Let's take a look at them in iOS 14. So let's swipe over to Today View
and take a look at our new widgets. They're just beautiful. And the new designs are
more data rich than ever. And you can see
they now come in a variety of sizes. So you can pick just the right level
of information for each one. Now we like these new widgets so much, we wanted to make them
even more accessible. So check this out. I'm just gonna tap and hold
on the Weather widget, and I can drag it out of Today View
and onto my Home Screen. And watch, as I move it around, the apps just dance out of the way
to make space for my new widget. Let's add a second one. Just gonna tap the plus
here in the upper left and grab on to Podcasts. I can drop it just like that. Now I'm gonna swipe over to page 2 here
and bring back up the Widget Gallery. The gallery is a great place
to explore widgets. Now when I tap on one, I can actually page through
all of the different sizes available. Just like this. But, you know, right now what I want to do
is grab this widget up top. It's a really special one.
It's called the Smart Stack. Just gonna tap it and drop it here. With the Smart Stack,
I can easily swipe through widgets to pick just the one I want
for the moment. But what's really cool is that the Smart Stack can
actually do this for me automatically. So in the morning,
I can get my news briefing. Throughout the day,
find out when I have a meeting coming up. And in the evening, I might get
a summary of my activity for the day. So that's widgets on the Home Screen. We're excited to see how everyone
will customize them in their own way. Next, we're also bringing
Picture in Picture to iPhone. So you can access apps on your iPhone while watching video
or talking on a FaceTime call. Let me show you. So here on my Home Screen, the Smart Stack
is showing me the TV widget. So I can just tap to start playing a show. Now check this out.
When I swipe to go Home, the video automatically goes
into Picture in Picture right over the Home Screen. And when I launch another app, like Notes,
I can keep watching. Now I can drag the picture
to another part of the screen. If I want to make it bigger,
I can even pinch to zoom. And as I move between applications
it stays with me. And what's cool is
I can also swipe it to the side, and the audio keeps playing
when it's off-screen. Now here on the Home Screen
I can bring it back out if I want. And I have controls
to get back to full-screen playback, or I can just tap the "X" to close it. And that's Picture in Picture video. It's a great way
to continue enjoying your video while tapping into everything else
your iPhone can do for you. And that's a quick look at the updates
to the core elements of iOS. We think these new features are gonna
make iOS even more helpful in the moment. Another iconic experience
that's getting a major update is Siri. As much as Siri has advanced
over the years, the visual interface for interacting
with it has remained largely unchanged. When you use Siri, your iPhone
switches to this full-screen UI, obscuring your current context. So this year, we've completely redesigned
the Siri experience with a new compact design. It makes tasks like launching apps
incredibly seamless. For example, if you say, "Open Safari," Siri pops up at the bottom of the screen
and instantly launches the app. Or if you ask for information,
like the weather, results appear at the top of the screen
just like a notification. Now this is especially great when there's information
you want to reference on-screen. For example, you could ask Siri
to add to your grocery list. So that's the new Siri design in iOS 14. But the UI is only part of the story. To tell you more about
how we're making Siri smarter than ever, I'll hand it off to Yael Garten. Thanks, Craig. Siri's getting smarter
and even more helpful every day, and I'm really excited to share
the latest updates with you. Siri helps you in a ton of little ways
every day: playing the morning news,
ordering a coffee, getting directions, setting the alarm before going to bed
and so much more. In fact, Siri's helping so many of you with a staggering 25 billion requests
each month. And Siri's getting more helpful every day. Siri's always been great
for getting information and now has over 20 times more facts
than just three years ago. For more complex questions like "How do hybrid cars work?"
or "What causes seasons?", we recently introduced answers
from websites across the Internet, enabling Siri to help you
find even more answers. Another way Siri helps is
with communication, like sending messages. This year, you can now ask Siri
to send an audio message, and Siri will start recording. This is great when you really want to have
the emotion of your voice come through. Another popular way to send messages
with your voice is using dictation. Keyboard Dictation uses
the same speech recognition as Siri. And leveraging
the power of the Neural Engine, we are now able
to run dictation on-device. This provides great accuracy and privacy. When communicating with someone in another
language, Siri can help with translations. This year we're expanding
to support many new language pairs. This is hugely popular, but we know our users want
more than just translating phrases. They want to have entire conversations. And we believe conversations
between languages should feel natural and easy
and have the ability to stay private. That's why we're introducing
a new app called Translate. It is designed to be the best
and easiest-to-use app for conversations. And it can work completely off-line,
keeping your conversations private. Using advanced on-device machine learning
and the powerful Neural Engine, you can translate your text and voice between any combination
of these 11 languages. So I could have a conversation
with someone in Mandarin, and they could have a conversation
with someone in Russian. Just tap on the microphone and say,
"What are your store hours?" [Siri reads Spanish translation] [Yael] You get back
the text and audio right away. And just turn the phone to landscape
to open conversation mode. We've designed a side-by-side view that's easy for two people to know
which side to follow in the conversation. This mode is incredibly intuitive,
with just a single microphone button because the app intelligently detects
the language spoken and shows translation
on the correct side of the screen. Translate will make communicating
between languages easier than ever before, connecting people in new ways. And we can't wait for you to try it. Thanks, Yael. Next up, Messages. Messages is how many of us communicate
with people most important to us. And now we're using it more than ever. Compared to just a year ago, we have a record number of users
sending a record number of messages. And we've seen people use Messages
more and more to keep in touch
with their closest groups. This year, we're introducing a new way to stay connected
with your most important conversations, giving you new ways
to express your identity with Memoji and making big changes
to how we communicate in groups. To tell you more, here's Stacey Lysik. Thanks, Craig. First, let's get started
with Conversations. From the beginning, Messages was designed to make it really easy
to get to your newest messages. But with so many active conversations, sometimes it can be tough to get to
the ones that are most important to you. So we are introducing a new way to let you stay connected
to your most important conversations: by letting you pin them
at the top of your list so you can always get to them. And you can see messages as they come in
with a beautiful animation on the pin. Next, let's talk about expressing yourself
with Memoji. There are over one trillion ways
to customize your identity with Memoji. In iOS 14, we're adding even more ways
to create your look with over 20 new hair and headwear styles to let you reflect your hobby, profession
and personality. We've also added something that's
even more relevant today: face coverings. And we're adding more age options too. My favorite way of using Memoji
is with Memoji stickers. And now we have
three brand-new Memoji stickers that let you send a hug, a fist bump
or even a blush to your friends. Last, let's chat about groups. When you're talking to a group,
sometimes there's so much going on, it can be hard to keep track
of the conversation. So this year, we're gonna help you
bring order to the chaos. First we're adding inline replies that let you reply
directly to a specific message. You can view replies
in the full conversation or you can view them as their own thread
so you can focus in on the specific topic. To make it even more clear
who a message was meant for, we're introducing mentions. With mentions,
you can just type someone's name to direct a message to them. And now you have the ability
to only be notified when you're mentioned
in the group conversation. And check out
the top of this conversation. We have an all-new design
for how groups appear. It lets you see
all the members of your group, where the most recently active people
are shown largest. And, for the first time ever, you can create a unique visual identity
for your group by setting a group photo or customizing your group's look
with an emoji. Inside the conversation you see group members' photos
around the image. Of course it looks great as a pin. You know who's most recently commented
in the group because their photo will appear
around the outside of the pin. And that's what's coming to Messages
in iOS 14: all-new pinned conversations,
fun updates to Memoji and powerful improvements to groups. Thanks, Stacey. Next, let's take a look at features
that help us while we're out and about. Now we know that life looks very different
for many of us right now, but it won't always be this way. And as things start to open up, we have a new set of features
that will help us explore the world again, starting with Maps. Apple Maps is the best way to navigate
and explore the world, all while protecting your privacy. Over the past several years,
we've added many great features, and of course we've been
rebuilding our map from the ground up. Our new map finished rolling out
across the US earlier this year and brought with it better navigation
and far richer detail for roads, pedestrian paths,
landcover and more. The new map also offers
more accurate information for places and allows us to build incredible features
like Look Around. Maps has come a long way,
and people have noticed. Just look at this quote from Fast Company. "Apple Maps has improved
by leaps and bounds and is a formidable rival to Google Maps. It's also arguably got the better UI, and by far-- by far--
the better privacy policy." We're excited to announce we're bringing our new map
to more countries later this year, including the UK, Ireland and Canada. In addition to the rich detail
and improved accuracy, the new map serves as the foundation
for many great new features. In iOS 14, we're adding things that will make it easier
for people to find places they love and help them get to where they're going in ways that are better
for the environment. To tell you more,
I'll hand it off to Meg Frost. Thanks, Craig. First, let's talk about
finding great places. We have millions of people
coming to Maps every day to discover great new places, whether they're planning
their next big vacation or just looking for
something to eat nearby. In iOS 14, the Maps team will be working with
some of the world's most trusted brands to offer amazing Guides. Guides for great places to eat, shop, meet friends or explore
in cities around the world. You can save Guides
so you can easily get back to them later, and the best part is they automatically
update when new places are added, so you always have
the latest recommendations. In addition to helping you
discover great new places, Maps helps you get there
in a way that's better for the planet. For years,
Maps has made it easy to navigate using environmentally-friendly options
like public transit and walking. With iOS 14,
we're introducing great new features to help our users
reduce their carbon footprint, and our first one is
also our most requested: It's Cycling. We've built an incredible
cycling experience that helps you get around town
on your bike. We're adding a dedicated cycling option
to Maps which allows users to ride their bike
along bike lanes, paths and roads. Maps takes elevation into account to let you know if you're in for
a challenging uphill workout or a leisurely flat ride. You can also see if your route
includes quiet or busy roads. We'll even let you know
if you have a steep passage coming up or if you'll need to carry your bike
up the stairs. You can also choose
to avoid stairs altogether. With iOS 14, we're bringing cycling
to New York City, LA, the San Francisco Bay Area, along with a number of cities in China
like Shanghai and Beijing. And we'll be adding many more cities
in the coming months. For environmentally conscious drivers,
we're also introducing EV routing. If you have an electric car, Maps is going to help eliminate
range anxiety. With iOS 14,
Maps will track your current charge and factor in things
like elevation and weather to automatically add charging stops
along your route. And Maps will know
which type of charger works for your car, making sure to only route you
to compatible stations. We're working with a number
of manufacturers to support EV routing in their vehicles, including BMW and Ford, and we'll be adding many more
in the near future. Cities around the world are also working
to improve air quality and reduce traffic, so we're adding
congestion and green zones to Maps to easily see where they are
along with alternate routing options. In addition, drivers in China can securely store their
license plate number on their iPhone, and Maps will let them know which days
they can enter congested city centers based on that number. And those are just some
of the great new features coming to Apple Maps in iOS 14, making Maps the best product to help users explore
and navigate their world. Thanks, Meg. And now, on to CarPlay, which has transformed
the driving experience for iPhone owners by being the smarter, safer way
to use the apps you love in your car. CarPlay is everywhere,
and it's incredibly popular. Here in the US,
it's available on basically every new car. And worldwide, it's available
on over 80% of new cars sold and has quickly become the default
in-car experience for so many people. People love CarPlay, and we get
some really passionate reactions. Joanna Stern says
it makes her life "infinitely better." We have some great updates for iOS 14. First up, we have new wallpaper options
perfect for the car. And we're adding support
for new categories of CarPlay apps: parking, EV charging
and quick food ordering. In addition to this,
we're really excited for the next step in how we're transforming
your relationship with your car by rethinking car keys. They've been around
for over a hundred years, but they've become big, bulky
and ripe for reimagining. To tell you more about
what we have planned, let's go to the garage
with Emily Schubert. Thanks, Craig. I'm excited to introduce
a digital version of car keys. Now you can leave your keys at home and unlock and start your car
with your iPhone. And the very first car to support this
will be the new 2021 BMW 5 Series. Let me show you how it works. It's super simple. -It uses NFC, and you just tap to unlock.
-[beeps] And I place my phone on the charging pad
and then push to start. [chimes] But this goes beyond just one less thing
you have to keep in your pocket. Digital keys have security benefits. They live in the Secure Element
of your iPhone, and if it goes missing, you can turn off
your keys remotely via iCloud. They're even easier to share
than a physical key. Copies don't involve
trips to the dealership. And you can share
from wherever you are with iMessage. Let's give Craig a key so he can
drive home after we're done here. With each key you share,
you can set options, like a restricted driving profile,
perfect for teen drivers. Which is tempting, but we'll give Craig full access. [phone chimes] -[phone chimes]
-Full access? Thanks, Emily. The new BMW will be available
to customers next month. In addition to adding this feature
to iOS 14, we're also enabling it in iOS 13, so customers can use their car keys
even sooner. Of course,
we want this to work in any car, so we've been working on standards
with industry groups. And this is just the beginning. We're working on technology
that will leverage our U1 chip, which uses Ultra Wideband technology
for precise spatial awareness. So you'll be able to leave your iPhone
in your bag or pocket and still securely
unlock and start your car. We expect to see support for this standard
starting in new cars next year. Now, let's turn to the App Store. Twelve years ago, we revolutionized the industry
with the launch of the App Store. Today we have so many amazing apps
that offer a rich set of experiences, we can truly say
that for everything we want to do, "There's an app for that." So now it's time for us to extend
the success of the App Store and make apps available and accessible
in whole new ways. What if you could have the right app
you needed at just the right moment? Let's look at what it would be like
if you did. [narrator]
Today, no matter what you want to do, there's an app for that. But what if you don't have the app
you need right when you need it? Like when you need to pay for parking.
Well, now there's an App Clip for that. [car chirps] Ooh. Look, a new coffee shop. There's an App Clip for that. Or a friend sends you a message
with a print you like. There's an App Clip for that. That looks nice. Looking for somewhere to eat nearby?
App Clip. Very health conscious of you. Hey, there's a scooter.
Let's take it for a spin. Yep. App Clip. Mmm. Ice cream. Wait.
There isn't one for that yet? Well, soon there could be
an App Clip for that. And that. And that. And that. -And that.
-[martial artist] Hi-yah! An App Clip is a small part of an app. It's light and fast and easy to discover, so you can quickly get what you need
right when you need it. Everything about App Clips
is designed for speed. They start with this card
which quickly pops up. And with just a tap,
you can launch the App Clip. You don't need to enter
credit card numbers because App Clips
can use Apple Pay for payments. And you don't have to manually
log into an account because it can take advantage
of Sign in with Apple. App Clips won't clutter your Home Screen and will only stay along
as long as you need them. But you can easily launch recently used
App Clips from the new App Library. It's always easy to download the full app, and this makes App Clips
an easy way to discover more of what the App Store has to offer. And discovery is key. App Clips are all about getting to a part
of an app at the moment you need it, so it was critical that we made them
really easy to find. App Clips can be easily discovered
and launched from the web. You can launch App Clips from Messages
when friends share them with you. When you want to order takeout
from a restaurant in Maps, you can launch an App Clip
right from a place card. You'll be able to tap on NFC tags out in
the world, on things like parking meters. Or you can scan QR codes to launch App Clips
that work with products you purchase. The best way to discover App Clips will be
with the new Apple-designed App Clip code. So when you see one, you'll know
that there's an App Clip waiting for you. They incorporate
both a visual code and NFC, so you tap on them or scan them with
the camera to bring up an App Clip. App Clips will be great for businesses
that already have apps. But we want to be able
to use App Clips everywhere, including smaller spots
that may not have their own app. So we made it possible for apps like Yelp,
which support multiple businesses, to create App Clip experiences
for each of the places they work with. Developers will create App Clips
from a part of an app, using Xcode and the full power of the SDK. To ensure that they launch quickly, they'll need to be
less than 10 megabytes in size. And that's App Clips. Immediately discoverable, small in size, so they launch fast, integrated Apple Pay for easy payment, Sign in with Apple
for quick and privacy-friendly login and the option to download the full app
from the App Store when you want to keep it around. We can't wait to see all the App Clips
developers will create. And that's iOS 14. It's a huge release that transforms
the core experience of iPhone, with redesigned widgets
right on the Home Screen and a new way to organize your apps
with the App Library. It adds incredible updates
to some of the most popular apps, with powerful improvements
to Messages and Maps, and introduces a whole new way
to tap into apps with App Clips. And next up, iPadOS. ["S.S. Luker's Mom" by Oh Sees playing] Oh, hey, we made it. All right. Well, let's jump right in. iPadOS builds on
all the amazing features of iOS while adding unique capabilities that deliver a distinct experience
for iPad. Like using Apple Pencil for taking notes,
markup and illustration. A reimagined track pad experience that lets you interact with iPad
in a whole new way. And unmatched AR experiences with ARKit and the amazing new LiDAR Scanner
in iPad Pro. All of this combines to put iPad
into a class of its own. iPad excels at "every type of input" and is a "product to do anything
and everything." Which brings us to this year
and our new release, iPadOS 14. Let's start with experience. This year iPadOS delivers
unique made-for-iPad designs that take great advantage
of the iPad's large, multi-touch display. Now iPad has always been about the apps. In the beginning, we focused on
giving the ecosystem of iPhone apps a larger canvas
to deliver new and unique experiences. This quickly sparked
an entirely new set of apps, designed for iPad first, with immersive experiences that transform this magical sheet of glass into whatever you needed it to be. We're proud of the over one million apps
on the App Store today designed just for iPad. With customers continuing to push
their iPads further than ever before, we're extending
the design language of iPad to make apps more streamlined
and more powerful. To give you a live look
at these enhancements, I'll hand it over to Josh Shaffer. Thanks, Craig. Let's take a look at
some of the enhancements to iPadOS. The first thing that you'll notice are the same redesigned widgets
that you saw in iOS 14. They look great on iPad as well, and they give you information at a glance
whenever you go Home. But let's see some of the improvements
in the apps, starting with Photos. iPad is the perfect device
for browsing your photos. Its large canvas lets you immerse yourself
in all your favorite memories. And this year, we're making it even easier
to browse and organize your photos with an all-new sidebar. With just a tap of this button,
I can reveal the sidebar, with all the core functionality of the app
in a single location. My photos remain front and center, but now I can quickly tap to move
between parts of the app. The sidebar is a really powerful way
to organize your photos too. I can easily drag a photo to the sidebar and then just drop it
to add it to an album. We've brought this sidebar to many apps
across iPadOS. Like Notes, where it provides quick and easy access
to all your folders. And Files, where we've consolidated
navigation into the sidebar for a streamlined new design. We've also streamlined the toolbars, adding new drop-down menus
that consolidate functions into a single, easy-to-access button. I can just tap to change views like this. And for even quicker access, I can just tap and drag to change
the sort order, all in a single motion. You'll find this same approach
across other apps, like Calendar, where we've brought controls
into a single toolbar at the top, providing more space for your content and a single unified place to access
all the app's functionality. Finally, Music has been updated to take even better advantage
of iPad's large screen. The sidebar in Music makes it easy
to move between views. I can quickly jump between
the new Listen Now and my playlists. -And once I start playing a song...
-["Caution" by The Killers playing] ...I can bring up the brand-new
full-screen player, where I can see rich album art,
transport controls and lyrics, -all in one single view.
-[song fades] And these are just
some of the enhancements that are coming to apps in iPadOS. We're really loving these new app designs. But there's more, starting with Siri. The new compact Siri design
that you heard about in iOS 14 is especially useful on iPad. Results appear at the bottom right corner, allowing you to easily reference the app
while using Siri. And we applied this same approach
to other parts of the experience... like calls. Now today when you receive a call
on iPad, you see this. [beeps] Whatever you were working on
is suddenly completely covered with the incoming call screen. Not cool. Wouldn't it be nicer
if instead you saw this? [beeps] Well, that's much better. Now an incoming call is presented
with a compact notification that doesn't take you out of context. And you can simply tap to answer
or flick it away to dismiss. And this applies to all calls,
including those from your iPhone or third-party VoIP apps like Skype. [rings] And of course we're bringing this
to iOS as well. We think our iPhone customers
are going to love it. Now there's one more key experience
we've redesigned for iPad this year, and that's Search. Today Search is a full-screen experience, and sometimes you can lose track
of your context. So we've redesigned Search
with a new, compact design. You can start a search from anywhere,
like the Home Screen or over any app. And this makes it easy
to find what you need without feeling like you've left the app
you're working in. But we didn't just redesign it. We've rebuilt Search from the ground up
to be Universal, becoming a single destination
where you can start all of your searches. First, we made it better than ever
as an app launcher. You just start typing a few characters, and you can instantly get
to where you're going. It's also great for finding contacts
to message or call or documents. You can even search directly into apps
like Keynote, Messages, Mail or Files. Or look up information
about people or places. And it's also a great place to start
all of your web searches as well. As soon as you start typing, you get relevant suggestions
to complete your search. And you can get to your web search results
with just a tap. And Search now makes navigating
to your favorite websites just as easy as launching an app. Just type a few letters and the top hit
will take you right to Safari. So those are some of our updates
to the iPad experience. And of course,
you also get the new widgets and all the other great app enhancements
from iOS 14. Next, we want to push forward your ability
to express yourself creatively with improvements to Apple Pencil. Apple Pencil is a game-changing tool that turns iPad into
a professional drawing canvas, a great way to mark up and sign documents and the ultimate note-taking device. What many people love most
about taking notes with Apple Pencil is how they can express themselves
in a free-form way. Mixing handwriting and drawings can be
the best way to capture your thoughts. Now the challenge is
when you want to change things afterwards. Here, working with handwriting
just isn't as easy as with typed text. Now, we sometimes take it for granted, but with typed text
it's so easy to select, copy and paste into another document, or even just make space for more text. Well, this year, we're going to make
handwriting just as easy and just as powerful. But that's not all. Our customers tell us that once they have
an Apple Pencil in their hand, they don't want to put it away. So this year,
we're bringing Scribble to iPad. So you can handwrite into any text field, and it will automatically
be converted to text. To show you all of this in action, I'd like to welcome Jenny Chen
for a live demo. Thanks, Craig. I'm really excited to show you
some great new features we have for Apple Pencil and iPadOS this year. One of the great parts about taking notes
with the Apple Pencil is that it really lets you work
in a free-form way. I can just start writing anywhere. And it's not just about text. I can also express myself
with drawings or shapes. But sometimes you want that
more professional, cleaned-up look. So now, when I draw a simple shape
and pause at the end, it'll automatically convert
to that ideal shape. And we're smart about it,
retaining the same size and angle that you drew it at. In addition to shapes, we've also made huge improvements
to our handwriting recognition. So now, when I write,
I can easily make a selection using the same gestures
that I use for typed text. I can double tap to select a word
or double tap again to select a line. Thanks to our advanced,
on-device machine learning, you'll notice how we can
select the handwriting while avoiding the drawings nearby. Now that I have the selection, I can easily change the color
or move it around the document. It's also perfectly easy for me
to make space for more room to write. We think that this will make note-taking
with the Apple Pencil even better. Now, you don't even have to put it down
when you want to do something else. Let's say you want to search
for "Edison bulbs" in Safari. Using Scribble, I can just write
directly into the text field... and it automatically
gets converted to typed text. It also works in any text field, so I can easily add a new Reminder to my shared Reminders list
with my husband. I've also been learning Chinese, so I want to surprise him
with some of my progress and skills. I'll use Scratch to delete "lights." And then I can use Scribble to write "new"
and then "light fixture" in Chinese. You'll notice how Scribble recognizes
both English and Chinese in the same line. And what's awesome is that
we can build on this technology to deliver other great features,
like Data Detectors. We can automatically detect
what you write, like phone numbers,
so I can make a phone call. Or addresses, so I can look up directions. We can use these features together
to do even more with your handwriting. Let's say I wanted to use my handwriting
in another app. I can easily select what I want, tap the new Copy as Text
from the callout bar, and then paste it into an app like Pages. And it's automatically converted
to typed text. We're really excited
about these awesome new features. And we think it will let you do
even more with the Apple Pencil. Thanks, Jenny. So those are the enhancements to Pencil. Just one part of an amazing release, with Scribble for handwriting
into any text field, a whole new way to work
with your handwritten notes, broad enhancements to the app experience, and of course, iPad users also benefit from the great features
you already saw in iOS 14 and much more that
we didn't have time to talk about. So that's iOS and iPadOS. Next, let's talk about AirPods. From the one-click setup to the automatic pairing
with all your devices to how they pause your audio
when you take them out, people love the magical experience
that AirPods deliver. Now we're bringing even more magic
to AirPods. To tell you all about it,
here's Mary-Ann Ionascu. Thanks, Craig. We have some amazing updates
coming to AirPods, starting with Automatic Switching. AirPods will now seamlessly move
between your devices without you having
to manually switch them. Let's say you just finished
listening to a podcast and you pick up your iPad to watch a show. AirPods will magically switch over. And later you start a video conference
on your Mac. AirPods will automatically switch again. -[ringing]
-And if a phone call comes in, the audio in your AirPods
will route right back to your phone. We also have an exciting new feature
coming to AirPods Pro: spatial audio. You know the experience
of being in a movie theater with a state-of-the-art
surround sound system, one where the sound
not only comes from in front of you... -[tone pulsing]
-...but also from the left, the right, behind, and even from above you? Well, we are thrilled to bring that same
immersive experience to AirPods Pro. But it turns out it's a lot harder to do when you only have a single earbud
in each ear. So our team created advanced
spatial audio algorithms for AirPods Pro that replicate
the movie theater experience. By applying directional audio filters and subtly adjusting the frequencies
each ear receives, we can place sounds
virtually anywhere in space... [high-speed vehicles passing] ...creating an immersive
surround sound experience. But to truly deliver on this promise,
we had to factor in real-life situations. First, people move their heads. For an authentic
surround sound experience, you need the sound field to stay fixed so the voice feels like
it's coming from the actor and not some random point in space. So we use the accelerometer
and gyroscopes in AirPods Pro to track the motion of your head, remapping the sound field
so it stays anchored to your device, even as your head moves. And it's not only your head that can move, but you might move
your iPad or iPhone as well. That's why we constantly compare
the motion data from your head and your screen to understand how they are moving
in relation to each other. So if your bus turns the corner
or your plane banks, the sound stays in sync. The result is a surround sound experience that keeps you
in the middle of the action, no matter where you go. Spatial audio for AirPods Pro will work
with content encoded in 5.1, 7.1, and even Dolby Atmos. Thanks, Mary-Ann. I've been using the new spatial audio, and I think you're all
really gonna love it. All right. Next let's head
to the Fitness Center to hear the latest on watchOS from Kevin. ["I'm Getting Tired"
by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] Thanks, Craig.
Since we launched Apple Watch, it's completely redefined
what a watch can do, and this has been
incredibly meaningful work. Apple Watch not only helps you
stay connected and active, it's become an intelligent guardian
of your health, enabling you to take an ECG, detect falls
and call emergency services for you. It's impacting lives in ways
that were inconceivable five years ago. The power of Apple Watch
is not only its built-in features, but how developers
have personalized it for you. We introduced the App Store in watchOS 6, and there are now over 20,000
watchOS apps available. These apps bring the information
you care about most to just a glance at your watch face. We're taking this even further
in watchOS 7, starting with complications. Until today, an app could appear in only
one spot at a time on a watch face. In watchOS 7 developers can
enable multiple complications, making even more richly personal
watch faces. So if you like to use
Dawn Patrol for surfing, you can create your own surf watch, including water temperature,
swell and wind speed predictions for your favorite beach. Or new parents can use Glow Baby to see nap, changing and feeding times
all on one face. While Nike Run Club can display stats
like pace from your last run and your weekly run goals. We're also bringing rich complications
to more faces, including a fresh Chronograph face with an integrated tachymeter and an updated Extra Large face with a huge, rich complication
right in the center. And Configuring Watch Faces
has been redesigned so you can easily select
which information you'd like to see. As developers, with watchOS 7 you can now build your rich complications
with native SwiftUI. While there are so many ways
to configure watch faces, you may not have yet gone in
and set these up for yourself yet. That's okay. With watchOS 7 we're making it super easy
to share watch faces, so you can discover a face
that works perfectly for you. To do this,
we're introducing Face Sharing. You'll be able to discover curated faces
with third-party apps on the App Store, or discover a new favorite watch face
right on a website, or receive watch faces
directly from friends and family. Let's take a look at how this works. When you see a watch face you'd like,
you just press "Add Apple Watch Face." If the watch face uses some apps
that you don't have yet, you'll be offered each one right here
so you can easily get them if you like. And the new face appears
right on your watch. If you'd like to share a face
you've created yourself, that's also really easy. Just long press on the face, tap "Share," pick a contact and send. Developers can offer preconfigured
watch faces right from their apps. You can even share watch faces
across social media. It's a great way for the community
of Apple Watch wearers to connect and help each other discover all the
amazing things Apple Watch is capable of. Next, let's talk about Maps. Maps is great for walking, driving
and transit directions, and now in watchOS, just like in iOS 14, you can get cycling directions. You'll see a variety of routes with information like time, distance and whether there are bike lanes. You can preview travel time
and elevation changes and navigate with turn-by-turn directions
that are large and easy to read. Maps can direct you to dismount
and walk your bike or even take the stairs to save time. You can also search for and add places
optimized for cyclists, like bike repair shops. [chimes] Now to tell you about
how we're advancing Workouts, please welcome Julz Arney. Thanks, Kevin. The Workout app uses algorithms
that are smartly tuned to track all aspects of your training. It's one of the most used apps
on Apple Watch, and we've continued to add support
for new workout types every year. -And in watchOS 7 we're adding Dance.
-[dance music playing] Dance is a total body workout
that's great for your heart. It makes you more fit and flexible,
and you're guaranteed to have fun. Whether you're doing Hip Hop, Latin,
Bollywood, or simply Cardio Dance, the Workout app now tracks some of the world's most popular
styles of dance for fitness. Getting the most accurate credit for Dance
presented a unique challenge. Arm movements aren't always repetitive
or synchronized with leg movements like in running and walking. The solution was to use
advanced sensor fusion. [music continues] In Dance, we combine data from
the accelerometer and the gyroscope to detect the difference between
dancing with just your arms... just your lower body... or when you put it all together
and dance with your entire body. Then we add in heart rate data for the most accurate
calorie burn calculations. watchOS 7 also tracks accurate calories
for Core Training, those exercises for your abs and back, Functional Strength Training, a workout type that helps you get stronger
and move better for everyday activities, and also Cooldowns to add on to another workout when you want to continue
with easy moves and stretches as you bring your heart rate
and breathing back to normal. Of course, you can track your progress
for any of these new workouts inside the Activity app on iPhone, which is completely redesigned
in watchOS 7. The app now features a new Summary tab that gives you an easy way
to see your activity history, workouts and trends,
all in one seamless view. With a new focus on easy navigation
and summary metrics, the app is getting a new name as well: [music continues] Fitness. Back to you, Kevin. -[record scratches]
-[music ends] Thanks, Julz. Apple Watch helps you meet
not only your fitness goals, but also helps support your health with features such as Cycle Tracking,
the Breathe app, and Noise notifications. And we're going to be adding even more
capabilities this year in watchOS 7. We'd like to share a couple of them
with you today, starting with one of the most-requested
features for Apple Watch: tracking your sleep. To tell you about this, over to Vera Carr. Thanks, Kevin. There are many ways to look at sleep:
scores, advanced monitoring, or sleep cycle analysis. We are taking
a more holistic approach to sleep by leveraging the devices you use
every day to not only track your sleep but to support you in actually meeting
your sleep duration goal. That starts with choosing not only when
you would like to wake up in the morning, but also when you'd like to go to bed. For most of us, setting a goal is easy. But getting to bed on time,
that's the hard part. Experts say that establishing
a bedtime routine helps the body transition
from wakefulness to sleep. So we are offering Wind Down. It can help you get to bed on time
by minimizing distractions and creating a personalized routine. Let's look at how this works. In the evening, ahead of your bedtime, your phone can display
the Wind Down screen to help you transition mentally
before you go to bed. It creates a calm lock screen experience
and turns on Do Not Disturb for you. You can also set up shortcuts for simple things you may like to do
to help you prepare for bed. These might include
using your favorite meditation app or playing relaxing music. Once it's time for bed, your screen will dim and your watch
will go into Sleep Mode, which looks like this. The screen will be off during time in bed
so it won't bother you, and a tap displays this simple face. When it's time to wake up, you have a selection of gentle
and effective alarm sounds, or a silent Taptic-only wake-up alarm
so you don't disturb your partner. Once you're up, you'll see a friendly
greeting easing you into the day. It also shows your battery level so you can remember to charge
in the morning. Apple Watch tracks your sleep using a machine-learning model
that senses your motion and even interprets the micro-movements caused by the rise and fall
of your breath, providing signals for when you're awake
and when you're asleep. There's an updated Sleep section
in the Health app, including a view of your trends over time. Sleep Schedules, Wind Down, and Sleep Mode are also available on iPhone,
without a watch, in iOS 14. We know you'll enjoy using
your watch throughout the day and now throughout the night. Thanks, Vera. In addition to sleep keeping you healthy, there's another preventative-care item
that's so important, particularly now: handwashing. In watchOS 7, Apple Watch is the first watch
to deliver automatic detection when you start washing your hands
and sensing of how long you actually wash. Our approach here is using
machine-learning models to determine motion
which appears to be handwashing and then use audio
to confirm the sound of running water or squishing soap on your hands. During this, you'll get a little coaching
to do a good job. You'll see a countdown,
along with haptics and sounds, to make sure you wash
as long as you're supposed to. If you pause early,
there's a polite note to keep washing. And when you're done,
you'll see, hear and feel it. That's just some of what's coming
this year in watchOS 7, including discovering and sharing faces,
new workout types, sleep and handwashing detection, and other new capabilities
like Siri language translation. And that's Apple Watch. It's time for you to join Craig again to talk about something
that's important to all of us. Here we go! ["I'm Getting Tired"
by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] At Apple, we believe
privacy is a fundamental human right. So we build it into our products
from the beginning of the design process. Privacy matters now more than ever. And because our devices contain
our most sensitive information, all of our product work is grounded
in a set of privacy principles. First, data minimization. We use innovative technologies
and techniques to minimize the personal data
we or anyone else can access. Second, on-device intelligence. We avoid data collection by processing as much of your information
on your device as we can rather than sending it to a server. Third, security. Security protections are foundational
to everything we do in privacy. And finally, transparency and control. It helps you better understand
the data being collected so that you can make your own choices
about how that data is used. These principles come together
across our products, in our hardware,
our software and our services. At the end of the day, they result
in great privacy and great ease of use. A powerful example of this
is Sign in with Apple, which is designed for simplicity,
security and privacy. And since we launched it last year, users have created
over 200 million accounts across a wide variety of apps
and websites. And developers are seeing great usage
when they adopt it. For example, Kayak has integrated Sign in with Apple and found that their users are now
two times more likely to use it than any other sign-in provider. Now, one thing we hear a lot
with Sign in with Apple is that people wish they could convert
their existing accounts to use it. So this year we're going to enable
developers to let you do just that. When you upgrade, you get the ease of use and built-in security
of Sign in with Apple while keeping the account
that you already have. This is another big year
of privacy improvements in our products. And to tell you more, here's Katie Skinner
and Erik Neuenschwander. Thanks, Craig. First let's talk about location. This year we're continuing to give you
even more control. In addition to the option
of sharing your precise location, you will have the option to only share
your approximate location with apps. We're also making changes
for mic and camera so you always know when you're recording. In addition to requiring your permission, this year we're adding more visibility
for current or recent mic or camera use. So if an app uses either one,
we'll indicate that in the status bar. [Katie] Next, let's talk about tracking. Safari's Intelligent Tracking Prevention
has been really successful on the web. And this year, we wanted to help you
with tracking in apps. We believe tracking should always be
transparent and under your control. So moving forward, App Store policy will require apps to ask
before tracking you across apps and websites
owned by other companies. [Erik] Last, let's talk about app privacy. Today we require that apps
have a privacy policy. Wouldn't it be great to even more quickly
and easily see a summary of an app's privacy practices
before you download it? Now, where have we seen
something like that before? For food, you have nutrition labels. You can see if it's packed with protein
or loaded with sugar, or maybe both, all before you buy it. So we thought it would be great
to have something similar for apps. We're going to require each developer
to self-report their practices. [Katie] We'll show you what they tell us. You can see if the developer is collecting
a little bit of data on you or a lot of data, or if they're sharing data
with other companies to track you, and much more. [Erik] We're going to put this information on product pages in the App Store. So for each app, you can see
highlights of their privacy information before you download it. And we're going to include this
in all of our App Stores. Back over to you, Craig. Thanks, Katie and Erik. These are some of the ways we're
strengthening the privacy of our platforms and bringing new features
to give users even more control. And one of the places where
privacy matters most is your home. Like most of you, in the past few months I've spent
more time at home than I ever imagined. It's more clear than ever
just how important it is to live in a home
where the technology just works. That brings us to some great new features
we're bringing to the home this year. All of these features share
a few key attributes. First, anything we develop for the home
should be easy, from initial setup to everyday use, just like how a tap of your iPhone
can automatically configure an Apple TV. Second, home products should never
compromise your privacy. That's why your Siri requests use
a random identifier, not your Apple ID. And finally, your devices should
all work better together, like how AirPlay lets you share
from your iPhone straight to the TV. And when things are easy, private
and work together seamlessly, your home is more enjoyable, whether you're watching TV,
listening to music or getting the most
out of your smart devices. To tell you more
about what we have in store for the home, let me pass it to Yah Cason. Thanks, Craig. Let's start by talking about
the smart home. With HomeKit,
we've given developers a robust framework to create smart home accessories
that are remarkably easy to set up all while being end-to-end encrypted
to your Apple devices. Already there's a rich ecosystem
of devices available. But we want to make it even easier
to build products that work across more homes. So we formed an alliance and partnered with Amazon, Google
and other industry leaders to define a new interoperability
standard for the smart home. We open-sourced HomeKit to ensure its ease of use and privacy
are core to this effort. And any accessory using HomeKit
or this new standard will work incredibly well
across all your Apple devices. And you control it all in the Home app, the most secure way
to manage your smart home. Adding new devices to your home
has never been easier. Simply tap or scan to set up an accessory. And in iOS 14, after you add an accessory, the Home app will now suggest
useful automations so you can immediately
put your new device to work for you. Automations are rules
that set your home to autopilot, like automatically turning on
your porch lights when motion is detected or having the garage door open
as you arrive home. And now when you open the Home app, you'll see a new visual status
right up top that prioritizes the accessories
which most need your attention. You can easily see if you've left
a door unlocked or the lights on and quickly control them. Let's take a closer look at one of the most popular categories
of HomeKit accessories: Lights. Millions of us have already added
smart bulbs to our homes, many of which can change color on demand. In iOS 14, we're introducing a feature to help you
get the most out of those bulbs: Adaptive lighting. Adaptive lighting automatically adjusts
the color temperature of your lights throughout the day. Turn it on to ease into the morning
with warm colors, stay focused and alert midday
with cooler ones, and wind down at night
by reducing blue light. Adaptive lighting ensures
you get the right color at the right time. Another popular smart home category
is cameras. With HomeKit Secure Video
your cameras are completely private. And in iOS 14, we're making your cameras
work even harder for you. You'll be able to define Activity Zones
that focus on the most important areas. This is great if you face a busy sidewalk and only want to be alerted when people
actually walk up to your front door. Another powerful feature we're bringing
to cameras is face recognition. HomeKit cameras and video doorbells will
now provide even richer notifications, telling you who's there
by leveraging the friends and family you've already tagged in your Photos app. And face recognition extends to HomePod,
announcing who's at the door. And with Apple TV, you'll get a live view
whenever someone rings the bell. In fact, all your HomeKit-enabled cameras
will be directly integrated with tvOS 14 so you can quickly bring them up
in the new home view in Control Center. Or just ask Siri to pull up any camera
at any time. You can even take any camera full-screen, giving you a great view
of what's going on. And we have even more coming to tvOS 14. Now let me pass it to Cindy Lin
to tell you about it. Thanks, Yah. Apple TV is my favorite way to unwind
and enjoy entertainment with the family. With 4K, HDR, Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos, you get a theater-like experience
right in your living room, making all your movies and shows
look and sound amazing. But Apple TV goes beyond video. You can access
the entire Apple Music collection and even sing along with timed lyrics. You can play
an incredible selection of games, including all the games in Apple Arcade. And we're making gaming on Apple TV
even more personal by expanding multiuser support. Now you can instantly resume your games
exactly where you left off. Just open Control Center
to switch between users, and you can now see your game progress,
achievements and friends. And for even more fun,
we're adding support for Xbox Elite 2
and Xbox Adaptive Controllers. Apple TV
also helps you keep active at home with a great selection of fitness apps. And with tvOS 14, we're gonna make your workouts,
and everything you do on Apple TV, even more productive
by extending Picture in Picture across the entire Apple TV experience. So you can keep up with the news
or not miss a second of the big game. You can even have an AirPlay session
show up in a Picture in Picture window. And AirPlay is getting even better. Now the whole family can share
their stunning videos captured on iPhone in their full 4K resolution. With videos, music, games and more, Apple TV truly offers something
for everyone. Of course, nothing compares
to being captivated by a good story. And we've built a service for just that:
Apple TV+. We've already created
an incredible lineup of Apple Originals. And you can watch them all
in the Apple TV app, which is available
on your favorite Apple devices, on all major streaming boxes and many popular smart TVs. It's already reaching
over a billion screens. And it's coming to Sony and Vizio
smart TVs later this summer. Today, we're really excited
to tell you about a new Apple TV+ Original that we're working on. Almost 70 years ago, Isaac Asimov introduced the world
to a series of epic novels that spanned hundreds of worlds
and thousands of years. Many consider it to be the best
science-fiction series of all time. I'd like to share a sneak peek
with you now. This is Foundation. [dramatic music playing] They're going to arrest me tomorrow. And you. It's almost a certainty. You're familiar with my work,
psychohistory? Yes, in theory.
But I don't know what it has to do with-- It's not a theory. [Salvor] They're worried
you can predict the future. [whirring] [Hari]
They're worried people believe I can. [whirring] And they don't like the future I predict. The empire will fall. Order will vanish. There's massive events rushing to meet us. [Salvor] Only we can shorten the darkness. [music fades] Wow. I'm super excited to watch Foundation
when it comes to Apple TV+ next year. With Apple TV, your home
has never been more entertaining. And with adaptive lighting,
face recognition for cameras and these other great features, your time at home
has never been more enjoyable. Now let me hand it back to Craig. Welcome back. Now let's talk about some big changes
coming to macOS. Since its introduction, macOS has revolutionized the experience
of using a computer by combining incredible power
with incredible ease of use. And it's loved
by all different types of users, from families and students to creative pros, businesspeople
and, of course, software developers. And this year, we're taking
the macOS experience you love even further. But what should we call it? Well, if you're a student of macOS,
you know this question can only be answered by Apple's
legendary crack marketing team. Their drug-fueled,
minibus-driven vision quests have yielded some great names and, sadly, spawned a host of imitators. The truth is,
we can't responsibly continue to inadvertently lead our competition
to copy these methods when they clearly can't handle the trip. So this year, we're leaving our process
shrouded in mystery and taking you straight
to the glorious destination. Our next release of macOS
is macOS Big Sur. macOS Big Sur introduces
an entirely new design and major updates to some of
the most essential apps on the platform. And just like its name, Big Sur brings you unmatched levels
of power and beauty. Let's start with design, where we're making the biggest change
since the introduction of Mac OS X. To tell you more about the philosophy
and incredible craftsmanship behind the new design, here's a short video with Alan Dye. [piano playing] At Apple, design has always been
about great ideas. Those ideas then are developed
with this obsessive dedication to detail. If we care enough about all the details
that make up a product, then in the end
we will have designed an experience that really feels like
there's no other way it could be. And the best example of this
is macOS Big Sur. Our goal was to bring even more clarity
to the design of the software while retaining the Mac's
powerful capability and ease of use. We started with the simplest of elements, from the shape of a corner radius
to refinements in buttons and controls. And we brought our unified language
of symbols to the Mac, making them more consistent
and easier to recognize. Depth, shading and translucency are used to create hierarchy. These new materials are rich,
and they're vibrant. They bridge light and dark. We've reduced visual complexity
to keep the focus on users' content. Buttons and controls appear
when you need them, and they recede when you don't. There's a new way
to access system-level controls and a unified space
for notifications and widgets. We've also created a new suite of sounds. They're familiar to the Mac,
but remastered and more refined. [pulses] [alert notifications chiming] We wanted consistency
throughout the ecosystem, so users can move fluidly
between their Apple devices. But we also love that Mac icons
have a deep history and a distinct look and feel. So we've retained
many of the highly crafted details and the playful elements
that make Mac icons unique. This OS reflects an important history. It's familiar, but it's also
entirely new in every detail. We love the Mac. It's the tool we use to make all the
products that we put out into the world. And macOS Big Sur is where it starts. [Craig] So that's the thinking
behind our new design. Now let me show it to you
in action with a demo. As Alan said, we've refined some of the most iconic
elements of the Mac experience. Let's start with the Dock. It has an elegant new design that floats
along the bottom of your desktop. And you'll notice that we've created
gorgeous new app icons for all of your favorite apps. Speaking of apps,
let's take a look at the Finder. You notice it has a gorgeous new
top-to-bottom design for the sidebar, and it has a compact,
space-efficient toolbar. Makes it really easy
to get to all of your controls. Next, let's take a look at Mail. You can see that Mail has
all-new glyphs in the sidebar, and you may have noticed
that we've brought color back as well. Now, each app uses its own key color. That same color is used for the elegant
new rounded row selection style here in the message list. Now, the toolbar makes it really easy
to get to all your controls. Check out how the search bar expands
as I click on it. And, of course,
other operations like filtering, they're just a click away. Next, let's take a look at Photos. It's just stunning. You can get to all your albums
and media types from the sidebar, and the photo grid is backed by Metal, so animations are super smooth whether I'm scrolling, transitioning or zooming all the way in
or all the way out. It's beautiful. Now we've refreshed the design
for all the apps on the system, from apps like Calendar and Notes to Podcasts and Music,
with its new Listen Now pane. And an all-new version of iWork
that features a simplified toolbar. You may have noticed
we've also updated the menu bar. It's now translucent and elegantly takes
on the color of your desktop picture. And we've updated the layout
of menus as well. We've given all the items
just a little bit more room to breathe. Now, on the Mac, we love our ability
to get directly at controls, like Wi-Fi or Sound. And you can see that we've reworked these
to be even more useful. But we've gone even further this year by giving you one place
to get at all your controls. We've brought Control Center to the Mac. All of my controls are here,
and it's really easy to make adjustments. For instance,
I can change display brightness here or I can click to dive in for more, like turning on Dark Mode
or activating Night Shift. And what's really cool is
that I can customize the menu bar with any of these controls. So, say I want one-click access
to Do Not Disturb. I can just click and drag it
right into my menu bar and customize just like that. Now we've also reinvented
Notification Center. You can access it by clicking on the time
in the upper right. And as you see, we now have a single view that brings your notifications and widgets
together all in one place. And we now group
related notifications together. You can easily expand them
to take a closer look or clear them all out in one step. And we're bringing our redesigned widgets
to the Mac. They're really beautiful. And you have all-new ways
to customize them. I'm just gonna click "Edit Widgets"
down here at the bottom. And you can see
I have a gallery of all my widgets, and they come in a variety of sizes. I can select between them just like this. And developers can bring
their own widgets as well, like this one here from Day One. Now adding widgets is easy. Let's start by adding,
say, the World Clock. Maybe I'll add Notes in. And it'd be kind of cool
to add my Reminders list as well. So that's a look at Widgets,
Notification Center and our all-new design in Big Sur. Next, there are exciting updates
for some of the most-used apps on the Mac. First, let's talk about Messages. Messages on the Mac is designed to work
seamlessly with all of your devices, so your SMS and iMessage conversations
are in sync no matter what device you're using. Now this year we're taking Messages
to the next level with a ton of great new features. We're introducing powerful search
to help you find what you're looking for. We have a redesigned photo picker
to make sharing photos and videos easier. And Memoji. You can now create
and edit your Memoji right on your Mac. And Memoji stickers
bring personality to messages, giving you fun ways to express yourself
in all of your conversations. Messages effects helps you
celebrate special moments and get your point across. And you're also getting
pinned conversations that are synced across devices
so you can always get to them, along with new Groups enhancements. So that's what's coming
to Messages on Mac: powerful tools
to manage your conversations and new ways to express yourself. Next up, Maps. Apple Maps is the best way
to explore and navigate the world, whether you're planning a trip on the Mac or using turn-by-turn directions
on your iPhone. Today I'm excited to announce
an all-new version of Maps for the Mac. To start,
Maps features a stunning new design that makes it easy to find your way around
using Apple's detailed new map. And for the first time on the Mac, Favorites like home, work
or that great coffee shop on the corner are now just a click away. You can now create your own Guides
of all the places you want to visit right on your Mac. And before leaving for the airport, you can check where your gate is located
with indoor maps or explore your destination city
with Look Around, which is incredible on the big screen. We've even brought
other useful features to the Mac, like the ability to see
the progress of friends who have shared their ETA with you. And the Mac gets
all the other new Maps features we just introduced in iOS 14. And that's just a taste of what's coming
in the all-new Apple Maps on the Mac. Next let's talk about Mac Catalyst. Catalyst gives developers a big head start in creating a Mac app from an iPad app. Take, for instance, our recent release
of Swift Playgrounds for Mac. Catalyst gave us a big head start
creating the app, and we were able
to spend our development time crafting a great Mac experience. Today we have some improvements
to Mac Catalyst I'd like to share. This year, developers will be able
to optimize their apps to fully utilize the native resolution
of the Mac screen, providing total control of every pixel. We've also given developers
new capabilities, including powerful new menu
and keyboard APIs and updated controls
like checkboxes and date pickers. They look great
with the new design of macOS. In fact, we used Catalyst
with the new version of Maps. And just as you'd expect, it's a full-fledged Mac app
that runs natively and is designed
in a way that's true to the Mac. So you get multiple resizable windows,
keyboard shortcuts and everything else you'd expect
from a native Mac app. And we did the same thing for Messages. Maps and Messages join
the great set of apps from Apple that already use
the Mac Catalyst technology. And there's a growing list
of third-party Catalyst apps available on the Mac App Store. Next... Safari. Our users love Safari for its speedy performance,
power efficiency and state-of-the-art privacy protections. And it delivers all of that while making it easy to get to your
bookmarks, tabs and browsing history across all of your devices. This year, we're building
on Safari's amazing performance, elegant design
and pioneering privacy protections to deliver the biggest update to Safari
since it was first introduced. As you know, Safari has long been
the world's fastest desktop browser. This year, Safari's performance
running JavaScript is better than ever and continues to significantly outpace
all other major browsers. And now, when it comes to page loading,
we're even faster there too. In fact, when loading
frequently visited websites, Safari is now on average
more than 50% faster than Chrome. And Safari delivers
this amazing performance while continuing to deliver
industry-leading battery life. And of course,
Safari is continuing to build on its pioneering track record
of protecting user privacy. Safari was the first browser to introduce
private browsing, cookie blocking, and most recently,
Intelligent Tracking Prevention. This year, we want to give our users
even more visibility into how each site they visit
tries to track them and the ways that Safari protects them. So now users can click on
the Privacy Report button in the toolbar when they visit a site to better understand
how that site is treating their privacy. In addition to monitoring
unwanted tracking, Safari now also securely monitors
your saved passwords to ensure that they haven't been
compromised in a data breach. And this is also a big year
for extensions in Safari. We're adding support
for the WebExtensions API so developers can easily
bring over extensions that they built for other browsers. And we're building an all-new category
in the Mac App Store to showcase Safari extensions
so users can easily find them. Now extensions are very powerful but can introduce privacy challenges. In other browsers, extensions can access
every page you visit, every tab you open, even everything you type. So we're doing even more here. In Safari, you choose
which sites each extension can work with, and you can even give them access
just for the day, just for the website or all the time. But improved performance, power efficiency and privacy protections
are only the start. We have a whole slew
of new features this year. From a customizable start page to redesigned tabs
that are more elegant and powerful, and native translation capabilities
built right into Safari. To tell you more,
I'll hand it off to Beth Dakin. Thanks, Craig. I'm so excited to give you
a tour of the brand-new Safari. When you open Safari,
right away you'll notice the new look. It's clean and fresh. I want to show you
one of my favorite new features: the customizable start page. I love it because I can make it my own. It's easy to get to
the customization controls here in the bottom corner. We think a lot of people are gonna want
to set a background image, and there's a beautiful gallery
of curated wallpapers to choose from. You can use one of your own photos, too,
and I know I want a photo of my son. I have a few really cute ones
here in the downloads. I can just drag and drop to set it. That is so perfect. You can add new sections
to the start page too. Let's add iCloud Tabs and Reading List. Let's take a look. There. This is perfect. I use Reading List all the time,
and now it's so easy to get to. Another way that you can dial in Safari
to suit your specific needs is with extensions. I can't wait for you developers
to bring your web extensions to Safari. I've gone ahead and downloaded
a few web extensions to take a peek. So let's go here to the Safari preferences
to enable them. And I'll enable Power Thesaurus
and Recipe Filter. So each of the extensions
that I just enabled now has its own button
here in the toolbar. Let me show you Recipe Filter.
I love this one. So this extension will search
the web page for a recipe, and if it finds one,
it will pop it up in a little card. It's been a great accelerator for me
when I'm building a grocery list. So the extension hasn't done anything yet
because I haven't granted permission. So let me click on the toolbar button, and I'm going to allow this extension
for one day. And when I click here, it'll do its thing. So here we go. And there it is. So useful. Okay, so I have my personality pretty thoroughly stamped
over Safari at this point. And you know,
I use Safari for a lot of personal things, and Apple makes sure
my private life stays private. Privacy is essential to everything we do
at Apple, and it's critical on the web. And now you can see
what Safari is doing to protect you. If I click on the
Intelligent Tracking Prevention button, I can see the number of known trackers that Safari protected me from
on this web page. I can click here to see a list of the known trackers
right here in this popover. And the full privacy report
is just one click away. And that's what we have for privacy
in the new Safari. Next I'd like to talk about tabs. If you love tabs,
you're going to love the new Safari. It's easier and more efficient than ever
to work with lots of tabs. So I have another window here, and right away you'll notice
that there are icons and tabs, which makes it so easy
to spot what you're looking for. And if I open more tabs,
then you'll see more of them at once because the tabs get smaller
and use the space more efficiently. If it's a little hard to find what
you're looking for with this many tabs, that's no problem. You can just hover over tabs
and see a nice preview of the page. I'm ready to clean up now,
and that's easy too. I can just bring up the context menu here and close all tabs to the right.
Just like that. We are so excited that
the new Safari has built-in translation. Let me show you. So here on this website, on El Mundo, Safari has detected
that this is not in my primary language, and it's added the translation icon
to the smart search field. I can click here,
and let's translate this page to English. It'll happen inline. And as more content is added, that gets translated dynamically too. Those are some highlights, but there is
so much more to the new Safari. Back to you, Craig. Thanks, Beth. So that's Safari. It's a huge release,
with new ways to customize, big improvements
to your browsing experience like tabs and translation, and even stronger privacy protection to keep your browsing your business. And that's macOS Big Sur, the biggest update to design since
the original introduction of Mac OS X, significant updates to Messages and Maps and the biggest update to Safari ever. But these changes are only the beginning. For years now,
down deep, below the surface, we've been working
on something truly profound. To tell you more,
I'll hand it back to Tim. Thanks, Craig. Big Sur is going to be
a great release of macOS. But that's only part of the story, because today is going to be
a truly historic day for the Mac. Today we're going to tell you
about some really big changes, how we're going to take the Mac
to a whole new level. From the very beginning, the Mac redefined
the entire computer industry. The Mac has always been about innovation
and boldly pushing things forward, embracing big changes to stay
at the forefront of personal computing. The Mac has had
three major transitions in its history. The move to PowerPC, the transition to Mac OS X and the move to Intel. And now it's time
for a huge leap forward for the Mac, because today is the day we're announcing
that the Mac is transitioning... to our own Apple Silicon. When we make bold changes,
it's for one simple yet powerful reason: so we can make much better products. When we look ahead,
we envision some amazing new products, and transitioning
to our own custom silicon is what will enable us
to bring them to life. At Apple, integrating hardware and software
is fundamental to everything we do. That's what makes our products so great. And silicon is at the heart
of our hardware. So having a world-class
silicon design team is a game changer. To tell you more about Apple Silicon and how it will take Mac
to the next level, I'd like to send you over to Johny Srouji at one of our labs
in an undisclosed location. ["I'm Getting Tired"
by Jacknife Lee playing] [song ends] Welcome to our lab. We've been building and refining
our Apple Silicon for over a decade. The result is a scalable architecture that is custom-designed
for Apple products, and it leads the industry in features
and performance per watt. So I'd like to tell you how we got here and what it means for the Mac
moving forward. It all started with the iPhone. The iPhone demanded
performance and capabilities that were seen as impossible
in a device that small. This is where we developed our relentless
focus on performance per watt. Generation after generation,
we pushed the boundaries of technology, which enabled us to improve
performance and energy efficiency, while building advanced
and industry-leading features. Our team delivered ten generations
of increasingly complex and rich designs, always improving performance. In fact, CPU performance in the iPhone has improved by over a hundred times, keeping the iPhone's performance ahead
of every other phone in the industry. Another opportunity for the team
was the iPad. While iPhone chips
could drive our mainstream iPads, we wanted to push the iPad even further. It began with the iPad's Retina display, which demanded a custom chip. So the team scaled our architecture and designed the most-optimized and highest-performance chip
possible for the iPad. Starting with the A5X, we built a line of SoCs
specifically designed for the iPad. We doubled the iPhone's
graphics performance through a larger GPU and a wider memory subsystem. This put the iPad in a class by itself. Compared to the very first iPad,
the latest iPad Pro delivers over 1,000 times faster
graphics performance in just ten years. This is part of the reason
why the iPad Pro is faster than the vast majority of PC laptops. And this foreshadows how well
our architecture will scale into the Mac. Another place where we applied our focus
was the Watch. We scaled our SoC architecture
to optimize performance for the device's unique
low-power requirements, and we built a chip
perfectly suited for Apple Watch. Our SoCs enable each of these products
with unique features and industry-leading performance per watt, and it makes each of them best in class. And we do this at an enormous scale. In fact, adding all of the processors
across these three products, we've shipped over two billion
in just ten years. And we've designed and shipped
billions of additional chips that work together with our SoCs to enable our amazing products. And now we're bringing
all of that expertise and that same focused
and disciplined approach to the Mac. The first thing this will do is give
the Mac a whole new level of performance. Now, when we talk about performance,
we have to talk about power, because all systems built today
are constrained by power consumption, thermals, or both. Among today's consumer systems, desktops deliver the highest performance but consume the most power. Notebooks trade off performance
for lower power, making them portable. As you can see,
normally to get more performance you have to consume more power. When you take a closer look at this chart, you realize you want to operate
in the upper-left corner. You want to deliver
the highest performance at the lowest power consumption. And that's exactly
where we want to take the Mac. Building up on our years of experience designing the world's
most energy-efficient chips, our plan is to give the Mac
a much higher level of performance while at the same time
consuming less power. So, much better performance
is reason enough to transition the Mac to Apple SoCs. But that's just part of the story. Our scalable architecture includes
many custom technologies that when integrated with our software will bring even more innovation
to the Mac. With our advanced power management, we will maximize performance
and battery life better than ever before. Our Secure Enclave will bring
best-in-class security, and our high-performance GPU is going to bring a whole new level
of graphics performance to every Mac, making them even better
for Pro Applications and really great for games. And combined with our neural engines, our chips will make the Mac
an amazing platform for machine learning. And we're bringing
many other custom technologies, such as our video-display
and image-processing engines, that will help make the Mac
better than ever before. So, what does all of this mean
for the Mac? First, we're designing a family of SoCs
specifically for the Mac product line. Second, just like we did
with the iPhone, iPad and Watch, we're going to bring
great technologies to the Mac. This will give the Mac
a unique set of features and incredible performance. And third, we'll have
a common architecture across all of our product lines, making it far easier for developers
to write and optimize software for the entire Apple ecosystem. Ultimately we know
that bringing our SoCs to the Mac will allow us to build
much better products, and the Mac will take
another huge leap forward. Now, a key advantage we have is the tight integration
of our silicon with our software. To tell you more about
how macOS will run on Apple SoCs, here is my colleague, Craig. Thanks, Johny. Now let's talk about the technologies
that we've built into macOS Big Sur that will make the transition
to Apple Silicon smooth and seamless for both consumers and developers. These new Mac systems will be incredible, and users will want their favorite apps to take full advantage of the capabilities
of our custom silicon. And the best way to do that
is with native apps. So of course when we updated
our apps for Big Sur, we built everything as native
for Apple Silicon. And I'm happy to say we have
all of our own Apple apps, including our most demanding Pro Apps
like Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro, up and running as native now, and they'll be ready for customers
on day one. So, how did we do this? We're using Xcode,
just like all our developers will. Everything developers need
to build apps for these new chips is built into the new version of Xcode. To get started, developers just open
their app projects and recompile. The vast majority of developers
can get their apps up and running in just a matter of days. And to deliver these apps, we've created Universal 2. It's a new type of Universal binary that works on both Intel-based Macs
and Macs built on Apple Silicon. So developers can tap into the native
power and performance of our new Macs and still support Intel-based Macs, all with a single binary
for all of their users. Some of the biggest Mac developers
have already gotten started. Microsoft is hard at work
on Office for the Mac. And we've been working with Adobe on their flagship Creative Cloud, and many of their apps
are already up and running great. So let's take a look at macOS
running on Apple Silicon. So here we are on the desktop
that we know and love. And I'm just gonna open up About This Mac. And what you see here is that we are
running on our Apple Development Platform. This is a system built
to support early development using the same A12Z processor currently shipping in iPad Pro. Now, I have a confession to make. This isn't the first time
you've seen macOS running here. In fact, this is the same Mac that Beth and I used to demo
all the new Big Sur features earlier. And as you saw earlier, we've updated all of our Apple apps and they're running great. Of course, a big part
of the Mac experience is third-party apps, and we've been working
with our friends at Microsoft, and they already have Office
up and running natively on our new Macs. Let's take a look at Word. It runs great. Scrolling is super smooth. Everything you do
is just super responsive. Next let's check out Excel. Just as you'd expect,
complex sheets and elements like this map all update instantly. And next let's take a look at PowerPoint. It's using Metal for rendering,
and it performs great. For instance, check out how I can see
all the layers of my slide in 3D. The animation is perfectly fluid. Now, we've also been working closely
with our friends at Adobe to bring Creative Cloud to our new Macs. Here's Lightroom
running native on Apple Silicon. Navigating large libraries of DNG images
is super fast, and all of Lightroom's editing controls
are available right here. Let's apply an adjustment to this image. Well, that's much better. And we can apply that same edit
to all of these images in a single step. Looks great. Next, let me show you the app
I know many of you wanna see: Photoshop. Here is a five-gigabyte Photoshop file
by photographer Stephen Wilkes. Now this is a heavy-duty document
with lots of layers. Now let's add one more bird in there. Not totally comfortable with the level of
social distancing, but let's keep going. And let's check out
how smooth the animation is as I zoom out. Wow. Beautiful. Finally, let's turn to
one of our most sophisticated apps: Final Cut Pro. Here it is running on Apple Silicon
for the first time. Let's play back some 4K video. As you can see, playback is super smooth. And all your filters are here,
and you can apply them in real time. Let's try some color correction. And I can even add
animated titles and lens flare... all during live playback. And Final Cut takes advantage of the unique capabilities
of the Apple Neural Engine with a new feature that analyzes video
and intelligently crops it to keep the most important action
in the frame. But that's not all. Final Cut fully exploits
the system's multicore architecture to let us play back not just one or two,
but three streams of full-resolution 4K ProRes,
all on an A12Z processor. Amazing. So that's a first look
at Universal apps on Apple Silicon. We're really excited to see
so much great work on native apps. These apps even get more amazing
when they're built to take advantage of the Silicon's powerful capabilities. Like its incredible
CPU and graphics performance, a unified memory architecture
and the Neural Engine which accelerates
advanced machine-learning tasks. The transition to Apple Silicon
is also great for developers who've already optimized their apps
for other Apple platforms. The shared architecture
across our products means that their code
will absolutely sing on our new Macs. And there's even more to the story. We're doing some really important things to make this transition
seamless for our users. Now, while we expect most developers
will go native immediately, we wanna make sure that users
can run all of their apps on day one, even if some apps
haven't yet been updated. Now, we've been down this road before. When we transitioned
from PowerPC to Intel processors, a cornerstone of that transition
was Rosetta, a technology that makes it possible
to run PowerPC apps on Intel-based Macs. macOS Big Sur will include
a new version of Rosetta, Rosetta 2. Rosetta 2 automatically
translates your existing Mac apps so they work on new Macs
with Apple Silicon. And this time Rosetta is even faster,
more powerful and more compatible. It translates the apps
when you install them, so they can launch immediately
and be instantly responsive. And Rosetta 2 can also
translate code on the fly when needed, like for web browsers with just-in-time
JavaScript compilers or for Java code. It even handles the most complex
Pro Apps and their plug-ins. Rosetta 2 is transparent to users,
and the performance is amazing. We're also introducing new Virtualization
technologies in macOS Big Sur. So, for developers who wanna run
other environments like Linux or tools like Docker, we have you covered. When you put
all of these technologies together, Universal, Rosetta and Virtualization, you have a system that can run
an amazing diversity of apps. To show you how this all comes together,
I'll hand it over to Andreas Wendker. Thanks, Craig. Let's take a look at some existing apps
running under Rosetta. Rosetta, of course, works great with
all sorts of apps you use every day. But for our first demo, I'd like to
show you something a bit more challenging. This is Maya, the powerful animation
and modeling software running great here on Apple Silicon. I already have a model open that consists
of over six million polygons and, as you can see,
I can fluidly move around in this scene. So let's make it more challenging
and bring in textures and shaders as well. And still, everything is incredibly fluid. So Rosetta works great,
and the performance is simply fantastic. But Rosetta isn't just for apps. It also works amazingly well with games. I can even use a game controller. This is Shadow of the Tomb Raider, a high-end AAA game
that's using our Metal APIs. I downloaded it directly from
the Mac App Store, so it's completely unmodified, and it is absolutely beautiful. Let me jump into the water. You can see
some of the lighting effects here. And as I follow the path,
you can see the game is responsive, it's smooth, and the best part is, you're running
the 1080p as a translated app and an emulation. So these new Macs, they are fast. You can see
some more of the lighting effects here. It's awesome what Rosetta can do
with existing games. Now, as Craig mentioned, many of our users
rely on apps from other environments. So let me bring up a Linux VM
in Parallels Desktop. You can see the graphical user interface
designed for Linux here. But, of course, many developers
like to use Linux for hosting servers. So let me dive down to the command line
and launch in Apache Web Server. And now I can simply bring up Safari and browse the website of the server
I just launched in the Linux VM. Here it is. Now I want to show you one more
type of app to run on these new Macs that we haven't even told you about yet, and that is iPhone and iPad apps. Since they've been built
to run on the same Apple Silicon that we're using on our new Macs, they will run natively,
completely unmodified, on the new Macs as well. Let me show you a few. This here is one of my favorite games,
Monument Valley 2. It's fun to play here on the new Mac. And if I want to catch up on my
guitar lessons, I can use Fender Play. [guitar plays] Or if I want to relax
at the end of the day a little bit, I can bring up the Calm app. And that was just a quick look
at Rosetta, Virtualization and support for iPhone and iPad apps,
giving users amazing versatility for running apps and other environments
with macOS on Apple Silicon. Back to you, Craig. Thanks, Andreas. As you saw, Macs built with Apple Silicon will be able
to run iPhone and iPad apps directly. Starting day one, users can download
these apps right from the Mac App Store, and most apps will just work
with no changes from the developer. With everything we're doing, the range of apps that users
will be able to run on these new Macs is truly unprecedented. Together, we have all the technologies in
place to make this an amazing transition. The vast majority of Mac apps can be recompiled as Universal
in a few days, so users can have fast, native apps. Rosetta 2 runs existing Mac apps, our Virtualization technology
makes it easier than ever to bring other environments,
like Linux, to the Mac, and Mac users can, for the first time,
run iOS and iPadOS apps directly, tapping into
the world's most vital app ecosystem. Now, we know our Mac developers will be
eager to get started on this new platform. So to get them going right away,
we're launching a Quick Start Program. The focus of the Quick Start Program is to enable developers
to make their apps Universal and take advantage
of all the capabilities of Apple Silicon. Developers will have access to
documentation and sample code, forums on developer.apple.com, priority DTS support incidents,
and access to labs around the world. This program also includes
new Developer Transition Kit hardware so developers can get going
even before we ship production systems. The DTK hardware
takes the form of a Mac mini, but one with an A12Z SoC inside. It has desktop specs,
including 16 gigabytes of memory, a 512-gig SSD,
and a complement of Mac I/O ports. Most significantly, it will include the macOS Big Sur developer beta
and Xcode tools. Developers will be able to apply
to the program at developer.apple.com today. We will be shipping units out
starting this week so you can get to work. So that's how macOS Big Sur
is paving the way for a smooth transition to Apple Silicon. This year, we're elevating the Mac
to a whole new level. And it's an incredible opportunity
for developers. I can't wait to see what you all create, and I can't wait until
we can all be together in person again. And now, back to Tim. Thank you, Craig, and thank you, Johny. It truly is a historic day for the Mac. Our vision for the Mac
has always been about embracing breakthrough innovation
and having the courage to make bold changes. Every time we've done this, the Mac
has come out stronger and more capable. And I have never been more confident about the future of the Mac
than I am today. So, what's the timeline
for this transition? Well, for developers, it begins this week with
the valuable information delivered at this conference as well as
applying for the Quick Start Program. And for the customers, we expect to ship our first Mac with
Apple Silicon by the end of this year, and we expect the transition
to take about two years. We plan to continue to support and release
new versions of macOS for Intel-based Macs for years to come. In fact, we have some new Intel-based Macs
in the pipeline that we're really excited about. What a huge leap forward for the Mac
and for Apple. Apple Silicon will bring
amazing technologies, industry-leading performance, and a common architecture
across all of our products. What an incredible day of announcements. As you've seen,
we haven't stopped innovating. We pushed all of our platforms forward
in some amazing new ways. Our OS releases will be available
as developer betas today. And each of them will have a public beta,
including watchOS for the very first time, starting next month. And all of this great software will be
available to our customers this fall. We hope you've enjoyed
this very special keynote and that you're ready
for the big week ahead, with over 100
engineering-led video sessions, one-on-one consultations
with Apple engineers, and so much more. We can't wait
to start working with all of you and watch you do
the best work of your lives. At Apple, we've always drawn strength from the diversity of our global community because we truly believe
when we all work together, we can change the world for the better. Thanks to you all for joining us. This has been such a big day, and it's only the beginning
of a huge week to come. So let's have a great WWDC. ["Daydreamer" by Aurora playing] [song fades] Good morning and welcome. We are so pleased
that you could join us today. We've got some really exciting
product announcements to share with you. As we all continue to make our way
through these difficult times and face the challenges
that COVID-19 is causing in our communities around the world, it's so inspiring how people everywhere
have adapted: working remotely, learning from home and gathering virtually
to stay close to family and friends. And it's been gratifying to see the important role
our products have played in helping people come together,
carry on and move forward. We know that life
won't always be like this, and we're all looking forward
to better days. Here at Apple, we feel
a deep responsibility to keep innovating, to continue making products that enrich
people's lives in meaningful ways. Today we're focusing on two products that have played integral roles
in people's everyday lives: Apple Watch and iPad. Let's get started with Apple Watch. Apple Watch revolutionized
what a watch can do. If you think about it, for over 100 years, the traditional watch really focused on
just one thing: time. Today, it's incredible
what Apple Watch enables you to do right from your wrist. I use my Apple Watch and
its amazing features throughout the day. Before I go out in the morning,
I check the weather. At work, Apple Watch notifies me with everything from messages
to news alerts and keeps me right on schedule. I'm doing my best to stay in shape, so it's great that Apple Watch
keeps track of my workouts and motivates me to close my rings. When I get home,
I use it to open the garage, unlock my door and turn on the lights. And when I'm ready to settle in, I use Apple Watch
to stream my favorite music. And it's so reassuring
for millions of customers that Apple Watch has introduced
great health features like heart monitoring, cycle tracking
and fall detection and even the ability to take an ECG. No wonder Apple Watch is
the most loved watch in the world. I love reading the many messages
I get every day from Apple Watch users telling me how the watch has changed,
and in some cases, saved their lives. Like Ray from Texas. She'd been experiencing pain
in her stomach, but didn't think it was too serious. When her Apple Watch alerted her
to an elevated heart rate, she realized it really was. She went to the ER, where it was determined
she was in septic shock. Ray got immediate intervention, but she could have died
without that warning from her Apple Watch. Or Enrique from Spain, who's blind and uses his watch
for everything from speaking the time to reminding him when his appointments are to calling taxis and helping him keep fit. For Enrique, his Apple Watch has become
an essential part of his day-to-day life. Now I'd like you to meet a few more
of these people and hear their stories. Dear Apple, my name is Kate. It has always been my dream
to become an Olympian, but that can be hard with type 1 diabetes. It was just so many shots
and finger pricks every single day. I went from having to check my blood sugar
manually every 20 minutes to now all I have to do
is just glance down at my wrist, which reads the insulin pack
attached to my side. [crowd cheering] I feel like I don't have type 1
when I'm competing now. [announcer] That is a US
high-school record. That's unbelievable. My name is YJ. Back in February of 2019, I was diagnosed with high blood pressure
and hypertension. The medications cost me
$2,000 dollars a month, with insurance. That was the tipping point for me. I started tracking my exercises
and started tracking my health, all through my watch. Almost 18 months later,
I am not on any medications, and I am in the best shape of my life. My name is James. We were sitting in the living room, and I glanced down at my watch
'cause it kind of vibrated. It flashed "Increased Heart Rate." By the time we got to the hospital,
my heart rate was 206, and she said,
"Sir, you're going into cardiac arrest." I was 26. I wanted my life, and I didn't want my life just for me,
but I wanted it for my family. I'm thankful to still be here, and I'm thankful for that device
that saved me. I really love hearing those stories about how Apple Watch helps people
and enriches their lives. And healthcare providers,
insurance companies and businesses are also seeing the benefits
of offering Apple Watch. They know it can make a big difference in the lives of their patients,
customers and employees. Recently, the Mount Sinai Health System
in New York launched the new Warrior Watch Study. Using data from Apple Watch, researchers are studying
the impact of COVID on the psychological well-being
of frontline healthcare workers by identifying early signs of stress while also looking to predict infection
before symptoms appear. Singapore has one of the world's leading
healthcare systems. This fall, Singapore will become
the first country to leverage the benefits of Apple Watch by offering incentives for people
to use it to stay healthy and active. Apple Watch helps people understand
so much about their health and fitness and to live a better day. This year we're going to take it
even further. Here's Jeff to tell you what's next. Apple Watch has made a profound impact on so many of our customers' lives,
and we continue to be inspired. And this year, watchOS 7 adds
several important health features that take advantage of
the powerful technology in Apple Watch. The new Sleep app uses
the motion sensors to track your sleep. Automatic handwashing detection recognizes the motion and sound
when washing your hands and encourages you to continue
for the recommended 20 seconds. And watchOS 7 now uses
your motion and heart rate to measure a lower range
of VO2 Max values. Now, the American Heart Association
recommends routinely assessing cardio fitness levels, and VO2 Max is the most accurate way
to capture this. The problem is, it's usually only measured
in specialty clinics. Well, watchOS 7 can now measure
a full range of VO2 Max, which is a powerful predictor
of your overall health. And coming later this year, you can receive a notification if
your VO2 Max drops to those lower levels. Each year, Apple Watch raises the bar, adding new features and technology
that improve our lives. This year, Apple Watch
takes another big leap forward. And I'm excited to show it to you now. This is the new Apple Watch Series 6. The perfect combination of
powerful features and beautiful design. Series 6 is our most colorful lineup ever. There's a new blue aluminum case, this updated
classic gold stainless steel finish, a new gray-black stainless steel
called Graphite and for the first time, a stunning new
Apple Watch (PRODUCT)RED. Now on the inside, Series 6 is
packed with incredible technology, including a new health sensor
that enables an amazing new capability. Let's take a look. With Apple Watch Series 6, you can measure your blood oxygen
right from your wrist. The new health sensor in Series 6 shines red and infrared light
onto your wrist and measures the amount of light
reflected back. Advanced algorithms use this data
to calculate the color of your blood, which indicates
the amount of oxygen present. The new Blood Oxygen app lets you
take a measurement in just 15 seconds. [watch chimes] And Series 6 also captures
periodic background readings and stores them in your Health app. So if you wear your Apple Watch to bed, it can record background measurements
while you sleep. I'll hand it over to Sumbul to talk more about blood oxygen
and its importance to your health. Blood oxygen saturation,
also known as SpO2, is like a vital sign. It's a key measurement that contains critical information about
your breathing and circulation. Apple Watch
is already a powerful health tool, with apps that measure heart rate
and heart rhythm. And now, adding blood oxygen brings another valuable
health measurement to users. Blood oxygen and pulse oximetry are terms that we've heard a lot about
during the COVID pandemic. As you breathe,
your heart and lungs work together to deliver oxygen throughout your body. Blood oxygen saturation is an indication
of how well this system is functioning and of your overall respiratory
and cardiac health. And pulse oximetry is how you measure it. Now, the Blood Oxygen app on Series 6
lets you measure your blood oxygen for fitness and wellness purposes
from your wrist anywhere and at any time. This is a great new tool
for your overall well-being. And to enable future medical discoveries, we're launching three new
health research studies to learn how longitudinal
blood oxygen measurements, along with other health metrics
from Apple Watch, can help manage conditions
that affect the heart and lungs. First, to study how to better manage
and control asthma using physiological signals
from Apple Watch, we're collaborating
with the pulmonary experts at the University of California, Irvine
and Anthem. Second, to learn more about how metrics,
including blood oxygen, can be used to manage heart failure, we're partnering with one of the largest
research organizations in North America, the University Health Network, and the investigators
at the University of Toronto. And finally, as we all continue
to learn more about COVID and understand
the interplay with influenza, we're partnering with the investigators
of the Seattle Flu Study and faculty from the University
of Washington School of Medicine. We will explore how changes
in blood oxygen and heart rate could be early signals of the onset
of these respiratory conditions. So that's the new blood oxygen feature. We're so excited to bring this important
new health capability to our users. Now, back to Jeff to tell you more about
the new Apple Watch Series 6. Whether you're measuring blood oxygen, making a phone call on your watch or simply checking your Activity Rings, it's all made possible by Apple Silicon. Inside Series 6 is our sixth-generation
System in Package. It's a purpose-built design
that's absolutely unique in the industry. It includes a high performance
dual-core processor based on the A13 Bionic in iPhone 11 but optimized for Apple Watch. The S6 is up to 20% faster
than the previous generation. Series 6 also has great new features that are perfect
for when you're out and about. Let's head outside and take a look. Because of its energy-efficient design, Series 6 has an even better
Always-On Display, making it easier to read your watch
on sunny days without having to wake the display. Now it's two-and-a-half times
brighter outdoors when your wrist is down. Series 6 also features
a new always-on altimeter that provides continuous elevation
throughout the day. So on your next hike, you can see your elevation change
in real time, right on your watch face. And at any time, no matter where you are, you can measure
your blood oxygen saturation right from your wrist. [watch chimes] Now let's talk about watch faces. The watch face is fundamental
to the Apple Watch experience. And we're taking faces further this year, starting with some great new designs. And we'd like to share them with you now. [Dye] The watch face is the most powerful
and personal aspect of Apple Watch. Our approach to face design
begins with a deep respect for the history of timekeeping. We combined that sense of craft with the powerful technologies
and capabilities of Apple Watch to create these new faces. The GMT face shows
multiple time zones at once and takes into account where you are. The Count-up face lets you
start tracking elapsed time from any given point. And inspired by classic racing watches, the Chronograph Pro face
features multiple time scales, including a tachymeter to measure speed based on time traveled
over a set distance. In the Typograph face, numerals can be displayed
in three custom type styles and four different scripts. Every combination is tailored
to fit the face perfectly. We also collaborated with
the artist Geoff McFetridge to create a unique piece of art
for your watch. There are millions of combinations, and a different one animates
when you raise your wrist. The Memoji face brings
your favorite Memoji to your watch. Each one moves and reacts to your touch. And with the Stripes face, you can show your pride in who you are,
support your favorite team or even match what you're wearing. We're so proud to add to
the legacy of Apple Watch faces with this new collection. In watchOS 7,
we also gave developers new tools to build even more specialized
watch faces. So if you're into surfing,
there's a watch face for that, with apps like Dawn Patrol
to check surf conditions. Or if you're into photography,
there's a watch face for that, with apps like Lumy
to help you track the sun's position. Or if you're a healthcare provider,
there's a watch face for that, with apps like Notable
to see your upcoming appointments. Watch faces have always been a great way
to personalize your Apple Watch. Another is interchangeable bands. Now, traditional watch bands
have a clasp or a buckle, and they're limited to
a few preset sizes for fit. Well, today we're excited to introduce
something completely different. We call it the Solo Loop. The Solo Loop is remarkably simple. No clasp, no buckle, no overlapping parts. Just one continuous piece. Made from custom liquid silicone, the Solo Loop is stretchable, so you can
easily slip it on and off your wrist. It looks great, and it's durable,
and it's swimproof, so it can go anywhere. It's available in a range of sizes so you can find your most comfortable fit. And it comes in seven fantastic colors. This new band style is so comfortable, we did another version called... the Braided Solo Loop. It's made from 100% recycled yarn that's meticulously braided
with ultrathin silicone threads, and it will be available in five colors. We're also offering a new take
on the leather band with the new Leather Link, with no loop-back or clasp of any kind. There are also great new updates
for Apple Watch Nike, with fun new Sport Band
and Sport Loop colors plus a new Nike watch face. And for Apple Watch Hermès,
we're introducing the new Attelage band, in both single tour... and double tour. That's Apple Watch Series 6, the most advanced Apple Watch ever. We think you're gonna love
all the amazing new features. This year we're doing
two additional things to make Apple Watch available
to even more people. And the first is an entirely new way
for families to use Apple Watch. And here's Deidre
to tell you all about it. Apple Watch is essential
for staying connected to those you love, whether that's a child or an older adult. Right now,
Apple Watch needs to pair with an iPhone, which is something they might not have. This is why we're excited
to introduce Family Setup. With Family Setup, you can use your iPhone
to pair watches for your children or older members in your household
who don't have their own phones. And they will have
their own phone number and account. Let me show you how it works. Family Setup enables greater independence
for your kids or older parents. And you have the comfort of knowing
they're just a call away. You get the safety and communication
features that technology can deliver in a device
that can be managed responsibly. For example, you can specify which contacts
your kids can communicate with when using Messages and more. And you can set up
automatic location notifications. So whether it's Grandma's house,
school or basketball practice... you'll get the reassurance your child is
exactly where you expect them to be. To help them stay active,
kids can now track Move minutes and use all of the other great features
of Activity and Workout in a way that works best for them. Kids can create a Memoji
with just their watch and share it as stickers in Messages
or in the new Memoji watch face. Whether they're learning at home
or in the classroom, the new Schooltime mode
helps kids stay focused with Do Not Disturb,
restricted interaction and this distinctive look, which teachers
or parents can recognize at a glance. These are just some of the ways Family Setup
provides kids and older adults with the powerful and unique
benefits of Apple Watch, even if they don't have an iPhone. Family Setup requires a cellular model
of Apple Watch Series 4 and later and will be available at launch
with these carrier partners... in these regions around the world, with more coming later this year. And that's Family Setup. Back to Jeff. We think Family Setup will
keep families more connected, giving kids
greater independence and agency and you more peace of mind. The second thing we're doing to make Apple Watch available
to even more people is to create a new model that combines
elements of Series 6 design with the most essential features
of Apple Watch, all at a more affordable price. We call it Apple Watch SE. Apple Watch SE has
the features customers love. It has everything you need
to stay connected, be more active
and keep an eye on your health. And like Series 6, Apple Watch SE uses our largest
and most advanced watch display, allowing you to see
so much more at a glance. More information and apps
on your watch face. More in Messages, Calendar and Maps. And larger and easier-to-read metrics
while you're working out. And for fast access
to information and apps, Apple Watch SE uses the S5 chip, for up to two times faster performance
than Series 3. And staying connected is even easier
with the cellular models, which allow you to make phone calls,
send messages and more, even without your phone. And with Family Setup, cellular models of Apple Watch SE
will also be great for kids. Customers love using Apple Watch
for fitness and working out, and Apple Watch SE has
the same accelerometer, gyroscope, compass and altimeter as Series 6. And because it has
the latest motion sensors, Apple Watch SE
also supports fall detection, a feature that's made
a lifesaving difference for many Apple Watch wearers. With all of these features and more, including the new capabilities
in watchOS 7, we think Apple Watch SE will be
the perfect watch for many new customers. Apple Watch SE starts at just $279. In addition, we're announcing
Apple Card Financing for Apple Watch, so customers can easily pay
across 24 monthly payments. Apple Watch Series 6, with the breakthrough
new blood oxygen sensor, starts at just $399. And Series 3 continues
at its great entry price of just $199. With three great Apple Watch models
to choose from, there really is
an Apple Watch for everyone. Now let's talk about what Apple Watch
is doing to protect the environment. Apple's commitment to the environment
spans everything we do, from how we design our products
to the materials that go in them to how they're manufactured. And here's Lisa to share
some of the many things Apple is doing to reduce our environmental footprint. We're proud that all of our corporate
operations worldwide are carbon neutral. And we've done it by replacing
dirty energy with clean renewable power. All of our offices,
retail stores and data centers run on 100% renewable energy. We're also proud that we've cut
our comprehensive carbon footprint by 35% since 2015. And you may have heard we're now taking
our environmental commitment even further, starting with a promise. By 2030, Apple will be 100% carbon neutral for our entire end-to-end footprint, including our supply chain and products. To keep our promise, we're focusing on
not just the energy we use but the materials needed
to make our products. Let's take a look at Apple Watch. Beginning last year,
our aluminum watch cases are made with 100% recycled aluminum. And for Series 6, we're now using 100% recycled rare earth elements
and tungsten in the Taptic Engine. And we go to great lengths to make sure our products
are free of harmful chemicals. Like all of our products, Apple Watch is free of BFR,
PVC, beryllium and mercury, and the display glass
is made without arsenic. And all of the fiber in our packaging
comes from recycled sources or responsibly managed forests. Sometimes, it's not what we make
but what we don't make that counts. We know that customers have been
accumulating USB power adapters, and that producing
millions of unneeded adapters consumes resources
and adds to our carbon footprint. So this year, we are removing
the USB power adapter from Apple Watch. We're also helping
our Apple Watch manufacturing partners transition to renewable energy. That, combined with
removing the power adapter, will result in eliminating
the carbon equivalent of over 50,000 cars
from our roads per year. We have lots more to do,
and we'll have lots more to share in the months and years to come. Now back to Jeff. These actions are significant and lasting, and I'm proud of the great work
Apple is doing to protect our planet. So that's our lineup. Apple Watch Series 6
with the new blood oxygen sensor, the most advanced Apple Watch yet. And the very capable and affordable
Apple Watch SE. You can order both today,
and availability starts this Friday. To celebrate the launch
of the new Apple Watch Series 6, we created a video to show you
just how far the watch has come. And here it is. [woman narrating]
Imagine a future where one day, machine learning will give you
the power to track your sleep. -Imagine--
-[woman] Excuse me, ma'am? [narrator] Yes, can I help you? Yeah, this already does that. [narrator] Oh. I didn't know that. Well, now you do. Okay. Let's try this again.
It's all right. I'll start again. Imagine one day, a tiny device
with an optical sensor will send you an alert
if your heart rate is too low. [woman 2] Psst. Yes? What? -[whispering] It already does that.
-What? Oh. Okay. Well, how about we'll send you
an alert if your heart rate is too high? It already does that. All right. Let's try something new. We'll send you an alert
if you're someplace that's too loud. -[watch chimes]
-I just received one of those alerts. Really? [shouting] Well, you should
probably find a quieter place, sir. You should probably
mind your own business. [groans] Okay. -Imagine one day in the future--
-Hold on. -No, no, no! Let me finish.
-One second. -You'll be able to take an ECG--
-It already does that. "It already does that." -I heard that.
-Good. What about continuously
track your elevation? Does it do that? -Does that.
-Right. Got it. -Does that.
-Thank you. -Does that.
-Yep. Heard it the first time. -Encourages you to stay fit.
-Does that. [watch chimes] Okay. I get it. You're fit. Uh, I don't know.
Will it automatically call 911 if a bear chases you off a cliff
and you take a hard fall? Huh? -Yeah. Already does that.
-Seriously? Yeah. Seriously. You gotta be kidding me. Okay, okay, okay. I got it.
Let's go from the top! Imagine a day, a future-- Imagine a future, one day, tiny device,
blah, blah, blah, that uses red and infrared light
to measure your blood oxygen level. Yes, what? No, no, no, no. Don't you dare say it. -[no audible dialogue]
-I'm sorry. I can't hear you! [watch chimes] Very cute. Well, that was fun. Since the beginning, one of the most profound impacts
Apple Watch has had is helping people be more active. We've been working on something that will motivate and inspire you
even more on your fitness journey. And here's Jay to tell you all about it. Being more active is one of the most
important things we can do for our health. So over the years, we built a range
of features on the Apple Watch designed to motivate
a wide variety of users. We hear from people
who've become healthier just by closing their Activity Rings
each day and friends and family
who are able to motivate each other and stay connected even from far away
with Activity Sharing. And then there are our most competitive
Apple Watch users, who love earning awards
and challenging each other to get fit. One of the Apple Watch's most popular apps
is the Workout app, which has been finely tuned
with powerful algorithms that accurately track
the most important metrics for all the workouts you do. This year we wanted to push the Apple Watch workout experience
even further, so we're creating amazing workouts
with incredible music, delivered by the world's best trainers. This is the first fitness service
built around Apple Watch. And we'd like to show it to you now. ["Go Time" by TYPO.S playing] Workout, trainer, time, music. [breathing heavily] You're halfway! -Workout.
-Trainer. -Time.
-Music. -Love it!
-Nice work! -You did great!
-See you tomorrow. [man] Workout. Trainer. Thank you for sweating out with us. [man] Time. Music. Introducing Apple Fitness+, a new service for Apple Watch designed
to inspire you to get fit and stay fit. The entire Fitness+ experience
is powered by the Apple Watch in some really cool ways. Let's take a look at how it works. Apple Watch owners love seeing
all their metrics right from their wrist during a workout. The watch's sensors makes it possible
to see your heart rate, calories burned, pace and distance. And that data helps keep you motivated
and on track, which is awesome. With Fitness+, you simply
choose the workout you want to do from the catalog of videos
on your iPhone, iPad or Apple TV. And when you start the video, it automatically starts
the correct workout in your Apple Watch Workout app. And it sends those metrics in real time right to the screen
you're viewing the workout. So you have all of your data on your wrist
and on the screen in front of you, and your metrics come to life
to keep you motivated. For example, when the trainer reminds you
to check your heart rate, your numbers get larger, making it easy
to see the details you need. When you're in the middle
of a tough interval, you see a countdown timer to motivate you
to push through every last second. Your Activity Rings are also
right on the screen, so you can see how your workout
is helping you make progress towards closing your rings for the day. And if you happen to close
one of your rings in the middle of your workout,
you won't miss the celebration. You'll see it in real time,
right on the screen. When the workout is over,
you get a comprehensive summary. And all of that data captured
from your watch's sensors is shown right on the summary screen: calories burned,
average heart rate, distance, pace, even your current Activity Rings. Of course, there's a lot more
to the experience. Fitness+ is launching
with the most popular workout types, so there is something for everyone: yoga... cycling... dance... treadmill walk and treadmill run... strength... core... HIIT... rowing... and even mindful cooldowns. You can do the workouts
with any brand of equipment, and many of the workouts
require just a set of dumbbells or no equipment at all. Of course, you can do them
wherever it's convenient for you: at home... the gym... outside... or even when you're traveling. We think the flexibility
to do the workout you love when you want and where you want makes Fitness+
the perfect workout companion. Each week,
our incredible trainer team will deliver a wide variety of workouts
from the Fitness+ studio to help keep you engaged. That's fresh, new workouts every week
across a range of times and instructors. And of course, the trainers will have
the best music to keep you motivated, whatever your musical taste: from Latest Hits and Hip-Hop
to Latin Grooves and Top Country. And if you're also
an Apple Music subscriber, it's easy to save the playlists
from Fitness+ and then listen to them later
in Apple Music, whether you're working out or not. And if you're brand-new to fitness, or it's been a while
since you've worked out, there's an absolute beginner program
built right in. The program will help you get started, learn the basics of movement and fitness, and get you safely ready
for the studio workouts. We wanted to make it easy
to find all the workouts you love in Apple Fitness+, so they're all located
inside the Fitness app on the iPhone right in the center tab. And you can access the same workouts
from the new Fitness app on your iPad and Apple TV. To quickly get to your next best workout, you'll find recommendations
personalized just for you. Intelligent suggestions will make it easy
to find what you like and also encourage you to discover
new trainers and new workouts to balance out your routine. And that's Fitness+. You get ten different types
of studio workouts, so there's something for everyone, incredible music built into each workout
to keep you moving, and the world's best trainers. Whether you work out every single day, want to add
a little more fitness to your life, or you just want to get started, we think Fitness+ is gonna
take your workouts to the next level with convenience,
expert coaching and inspiration, and it's all powered by Apple Watch. As with all of
Apple's products and services, we've designed Fitness+
with privacy in mind. All your Fitness+ workout recommendations are powered using on-device intelligence, and when using Fitness+, neither calories, nor the workouts
and trainers you choose will be stored along with your Apple ID. The price is $9.99 per month or just $79.99 for a whole year. And your family will also be able to enjoy
Fitness+ for no additional charge. Fitness+ will be available
in these countries at launch, the service will be available
before the end of the year, and for those purchasing
a new Apple Watch, you get Fitness+ free for three months to help you make 2021
your fittest and healthiest year ever. And now, I'd like to hand it over to Lori
to share some more exciting news about our services. Apple Fitness+ joins our collection
of world-class subscription services that enrich our customers' lives. These are services that so many of us,
and our families, use every single day, and we want to make it easy
for everyone to discover and enjoy them. So today, I'm excited to introduce... Apple One. Apple One gives you and your family
all the services you love in one simple plan. It starts with iCloud, the essential service that safely stores
your personal photos, videos and files so you can access them from anywhere. Apple Music, where you can stream 70 million songs
from all your favorite artists. Apple TV+,
with Apple Original series and films which have been nominated for 18 Emmys
in just the first year. Apple Arcade, with over 100 incredibly fun games
you can play anytime, anywhere. Apple One also includes Apple News+, with leading newspapers
and hundreds of magazines. And of course, Apple Fitness+, with its immersive studio workouts
powered by Apple Watch. Apple One makes it easy
to get all these services and find the one plan
that's right for you, starting with the Individual plan,
which offers the best of entertainment, including Apple Music, Apple TV+,
Apple Arcade, plus 50 gigabytes of iCloud. The Family plan lets you share
all these services with up to five members of your family, plus 200 gigabytes of iCloud. And in countries where available,
there's Premier, which adds Apple News+, Apple Fitness+ and a massive 2 terabytes of iCloud. It's everything for the entire family
for one incredible price. Apple One will be available this fall,
and it includes 30 days free, so you can try any of the services
you don't already have. That's Apple One. Now back to Tim. Now let's turn our attention to iPad. I love my iPad because it is
such an incredibly versatile device. Powerful and easy to use, it enables all of us to do
so many meaningful things every day. And now more than ever,
iPad has become even more important, keeping us close to the ones we love
when we can't be there in person, helping students learn remotely, helping people express and share
their creativity, reshaping how the world communicates. And iPad is providing a critical lifeline
for doctors, nurses and patients. Its versatility is what makes iPad
such an essential device. With the power of the App Store
and over a million iPad apps, the iPad can do
whatever you need it to do. We're inspired to see how iPad's impact
has been felt across the world. This year marks the ten years
since we shipped our very first iPad. And in that time, it has become one of the most successful
consumer electronics products ever. We've now sold over 500 million iPads
to customers around the world. And more and more new customers
are just discovering iPad for the very first time. In fact, more than half of our iPad customers
are buying their very first iPad. That's just incredible! And users love their iPads. iPad has been ranked number one
in customer satisfaction for ten straight years-- every year since it launched. Our users are doing more than ever
with iPad, so we continue to push iPad forward. This is a big year for iPad. Earlier this year, we made
some great updates to the iPad Pro, including the A12Z chip, new pro camera system, LiDAR Scanner and so much more. Today, we're updating
the rest of our full-size iPad lineup, starting with our most popular iPad. And here's Ted to tell you more about it. We're incredibly proud of the role iPad
is playing in the lives of so many people. Users love our iPad 7th generation because it delivers a beautiful
10.2-inch Retina display with support for Apple Pencil
and the full-size Smart Keyboard all in a thin, light
and affordable design. And our customers love
all the things they can do with it, from taking notes
as they learn something new to playing their favorite game. So this year,
we're taking its beloved design and cranking up the performance
with this... the new iPad 8th generation. It's more capable than ever, and it starts with the A12 Bionic. This chip is a powerhouse. It features a powerful CPU
and superfast GPU. Compared to the already fast chip
in last year's iPad, it has a 40% faster CPU and delivers a massive two-times jump
in graphics. This extra performance is great for everything from
working with high-resolution content to immersive gaming experiences. And compared to the competition
over the last year, it's not even close. This new iPad with the A12 Bionic
is up to two times faster than the top-selling Windows laptop, it's up to three times faster
than the top-selling Android tablet, and it's up to a whopping six times faster
than the top-selling Chromebook. iPad leaves the competition in the dust. And all that power is delivered
in a thin and light design that's super portable with great cameras
and all-day battery life. Now, our A-series chips are
more than a CPU and GPU. They include powerful custom technologies, like the Neural Engine
for machine learning, which comes to our most popular iPad
for the very first time. It's capable of processing
up to five trillion operations per second. And it powers some magical experiences
on iPad, like allowing you to instantly transform
the color of your photos or even analyze your tennis game and provide real-time stats
like ball speed and body positioning. Altogether, the A12 Bionic
takes performance to the next level and makes iPad more powerful than ever. Now let's talk about accessories. They expand the versatility of iPad. iPad 8th gen
works with the full-size Smart Keyboard and keyboards from Logitech, like the Combo Touch with trackpad and the Rugged Combo
that's so important for schools. And of course, this new iPad works
with one of our most beloved accessories, Apple Pencil. With its incredible precision
and low latency, plus features like
pressure sensitivity and tilt, it's the gold standard for creativity and enables artists
to bring their vision to life. And we've seen it become an essential tool
to journal and take detailed notes. We're blown away
by what we've seen people create with Apple Pencil on iPad. There's really nothing else like it. And taking the Apple Pencil experience
to a whole new level is iPadOS 14, which adds
powerful new pencil capabilities and other new features as well. Let's see it in action. iPadOS 14 makes iPad even more intuitive,
fun and productive, because you can get your work done
just about anywhere. Handwritten text is just as powerful
as typed text. iPadOS even understands what you write, letting you take quick actions
with just a tap. As you sketch, shape recognition helps you draw
perfect circles, stars and more. Smart Selection understands the difference
between handwriting and drawings, making it easy
to select only what you want and paste your handwritten notes
as typed text into another app. New compact UIs mean
you can stay focused on the task at hand. And we know,
once you start using Apple Pencil, you're not gonna want to put it away. So, we have Scribble, which lets you handwrite
into any text field, even straight into numbers... or to add a final thought
to that document you've been working on. The new iPad and the power of iPadOS 14
are an amazing combination, making it possible to express your ideas
however you want to, wherever you are. With iPadOS 14, the already amazing experience
of Apple Pencil gets even better. These powerful handwriting
and note-taking features join a host of other new features that continue to push
what's possible on iPad. And it all runs beautifully
on the new iPad 8th generation with its 10.2-inch Retina display, huge performance boost
from the A12 Bionic, keyboard and pencil support, great cameras and so much more. And it starts at just $329. And it's just $299
for our education customers. Nothing else delivers
this level of performance and capability at such an affordable price. Customers can order
iPad 8th generation today, and it will be available
starting this Friday. Now back to Tim. iPad 8th generation,
with its huge boost in performance, and the incredible features in iPadOS 14 will enable even more people
to do more amazing things. And that's not all. As I told you, we're updating
our entire full-size lineup. So that brings us to iPad Air. iPad Air was designed to deliver
pro features at a very affordable price. And today we are thrilled to introduce an all-new,
completely redesigned iPad Air. And here it is. ["Heybb!" by binki playing] This is the new iPad Air. And to tell you all about it,
I'd like to hand it over to Laura. The new iPad Air starts
with a gorgeous design. The all-new thin and light enclosure
and narrow border design features a beautiful all-screen display. Each element of iPad Air
is meticulously crafted, from the precisely machined top button to the sculpted detail around the camera. And the new iPad Air design
comes in five gorgeous colors, including a new rose gold,
green and sky blue finish. Our customers are going to love
these colors. And this new design features
a stunning Liquid Retina display. In the same footprint as the previous Air, the new iPad Air features a larger,
10.9-inch Liquid Retina display with a resolution of 2360 by 1640. That's over 3.8 million pixels for extra-crisp text and photos. And, it has advanced display technologies
like full lamination, wide color, True Tone and an anti-reflective coating that, combined,
deliver an amazing visual experience. To give our customers
this beautiful all-screen design meant finding a new home
for one of the most popular features: Touch ID. So we designed a next-generation Touch ID and integrated it
right into the top button. This provides convenient
and secure authentication while allowing the display
to extend on all sides. This is the smallest authentication sensor
we have ever designed, and it delivers the same performance,
ease of use and security you know and trust from Touch ID. The technology under the button
is really amazing. It uses a sapphire crystal lens
and next-generation custom sensor that more efficiently captures
the details of a fingerprint. And it uses a faster Secure Enclave to more quickly authenticate
the fingerprint data. And using it is as simple as ever: just touch the top button
to unlock your iPad, log in to apps or use Apple Pay. It's fast, easy and secure. Another reason customers love iPad Air
is its performance. So we're debuting
an incredibly powerful new chip which is going to give the new Air
a huge leap in performance. To tell you more, here's Tim Millet. I'm super excited to tell you
about the powerful new chip we built into the new iPad Air: our latest A-series processor, A14 Bionic. Our goal is to build chips
with industry-leading performance, powerful custom technologies
and extremely efficient use of energy to make every one of our products
best in class. One way we do this
is by aggressively adopting cutting-edge silicon process technology
year after year. And now with A14,
we'll be the first in the industry to use the breakthrough
five-nanometer process technology. The incredibly small scale of this process
challenges the laws of physics. In fact, we're talking about
a scale so small, the dimensions of these five-nanometer
transistors are measured in atoms. This means we were able to pack
11.8 billion transistors into A14. That's an increase of nearly 40%
over our seven-nanometer chip. We use these additional transistors
to deliver new features, increased power efficiency
and increased performance in nearly every aspect of the chip. A14 Bionic includes a big update
to our CPU. Our architecture runs
more instructions in parallel, resulting in great performance
at lower power. And it integrates large,
high-performance caches sized to meet the needs
of the most demanding applications. For A14's powerful new six-core design, this results in an enormous 40% increase
in CPU performance compared to the previous iPad Air. A14 also features
our newest GPU architecture, scaled to deliver
the maximum sustainable performance at the lowest possible power-- an approach that also allows us to deliver
industry-leading peak performance when it's needed most. For A14, our new four-core design delivers a 30% increase
in graphics performance as well. And when you compare
the new iPad Air with A14 to the best-selling laptop
in its price range, a device nearly three times thicker
and four times heavier, the new iPad Air has up to two times
faster graphics performance in its incredibly thin and light design. So for customers using iPad Air
for performance-intensive apps like editing 4K videos,
creating works of art or playing immersive games, the incredible performance of A14
can handle them all with ease. In addition to the blazing-fast CPU
and GPU, A14 is loaded with custom technologies
that drive the unique iPad experience, like a much faster Neural Engine, which will make iPad Air more powerful
for machine learning. By doubling the number of cores
to build a 16-core architecture, the Neural Engine in A14 is capable
of executing an amazing 11 trillion operations
per second. This increases ML performance by up to
two times over the previous generation. In addition, our CPU is further optimized with second-generation
machine learning accelerators, which come to iPad for the first time and accelerate the matrix multiplication
frequently used in ML computations at up to ten times faster
than the previous Air. Now, the combination
of the new Neural Engine, the CPU ML accelerators
and our high-performance GPU deliver breakthrough
machine learning capabilities to elevate apps built on Core ML
to an entirely new level of performance. So that's the new A14 Bionic. It delivers big performance updates
for the CPU and GPU, makes iPad Air much more powerful
for machine learning and also features the latest ISP
for higher-quality videos and photos and even faster Secure Enclave
for Touch ID. This is by far the most advanced chip
we've ever made, and we're thrilled
to bring it to the new iPad Air. Now back to you, Laura. Wow, the A14 is a huge leap forward
in performance. And we've worked with
a number of developers to see what they can do
with the new iPad Air. So let's take a look. I'm Karim Morsy.
I'm a developer of djay Pro AI. djay Pro AI is an app that brings all
the tools of a professional DJ to iPad. The A14 Bionic allows us to build
intelligent features into the app. You touch the record,
and then you start scratching. You can actually scratch in the air. It just blows our mind
that this is possible now. Hi, I'm Alexey from Pixonic,
developer of the game War Robots. The A14 Bionic chip allows us
to deliver console-level graphics on a device you can hold in your hands. It's quite amazing to have a real-time,
six-versus-six multiplayer game running on iPad at 60 frames per second. For example,
the textures are much more detailed, the shadows are dynamic, and reflections are more realistic. It looks amazing. I'm Andrius, and we're from Pixelmator. Pixelmator Photo is a photo editing app
for enhancing photos. So I think everyone's seen the movies
where somebody's pointing at a screen, and goes, "Okay, zoom in on that.
Now, enhance." And now I've brought that to iPad. The Apple Neural Engine
allows us to build functionality we never thought possible. The ML Super Resolution feature
finds individual details: edges, colors, gradients, textures, and it combines it back in an image. Now, we can build intelligent features
into the app. The possibilities
are just endless with this. [record scratches] With the A14 chip, the new Air is going to bring
incredible performance to customers looking to step up
to a more powerful iPad. And there's more. Another great feature
we're bringing to iPad Air is USB-C. USB-C increases data transfer speeds
up to 5 gigabits per second. That's a tenfold jump in performance
over the previous Air. It provides a fast connection
to a host of external devices, like cameras, drives
and external monitors up to 4K. The new Air also includes
great cameras front and back. The front 7-megapixel FaceTime HD camera
supports Smart HDR, improved 1080p video capture
and better low-light performance for really high-quality video calls. And on the back is the same
12-megapixel camera used in the iPad Pro, with focus pixels and a larger aperture
to capture incredibly sharp photos and stunning 4K video, enhanced with
improved video stabilization, so the photos and videos
our customers take with the new Air are gonna look better than ever. And to elevate the audio experience,
we've redesigned the speaker system, providing stereo audio in landscape mode. Great for kicking back and enjoying
your favorite movies and TV shows. The new Air also works
with our amazing accessories, including Apple Pencil, which attaches magnetically to the side
for pairing, charging and storage, and the beautiful Magic Keyboard, with floating design
and built-in trackpad. So this is the new iPad Air, featuring a 10.9-inch
Liquid Retina display, next-generation Touch ID, a huge boost in performance
with A14 Bionic, USB-C, advanced cameras, Wi-Fi 6 and LTE that's 60% faster. This is by far
the most powerful iPad Air ever. Let's check it out. [electronic music playing] So that's the new iPad Air, and we can't wait
to get it into our customers' hands. It'll start at $599. It will be available beginning next month. And finally, we're very proud that the new Air and eighth-generation iPad
have been carefully designed to have minimal impact on the environment and support
our overall net zero carbon goal. Both iPads use
100% recycled aluminum enclosures, and all of the wood fiber in the packaging
of both iPad models is recycled or comes from responsibly managed forests. Both iPads use 100%-recycled tin solder
in their main logic boards and are free of harmful substances. So while our work here is never finished, we're proud of the progress we've made
with these new products. So today, we have
our most advanced iPad lineup ever. It's really a huge year for iPad: an incredible new iPad Air delivering
more pro features to even more customers, an iPad 8th generation
with massive jump in performance, together with the latest iPad Pro and the mighty iPad mini, combined with the advanced features
in iPadOS 14 make these by far the most exciting
iPads we've ever shipped. Now back to Tim. What a great day of announcements. We will also be releasing
major OS updates tomorrow, beginning with iOS 14: a huge release that transforms
the core experience of iPhone with redesigned widgets
right on the Home screen, a new way to organize your apps
with the App Library and a new and even faster way to
experience apps the moment you need them with App Clips. iPadOS 14, which lets you do
even more with Apple Pencil, provides huge improvements to iPad apps and takes the iPad experience
even further. watchOS 7 provides a whole new way
to discover and share watch faces, a new Sleep app,
automatic handwashing detection and provides additional workouts
and fitness metrics. And tvOS 14, which makes
your big-screen experience even better with improved Picture in Picture, audio sharing with AirPods,
Apple Music lyrics, secure camera feeds from HomeKit
and multiuser gaming support. All of these new releases
will be available tomorrow. And all of the products we announced today
will ship with these OS updates. Thank you all for joining us. At Apple, our mission is to design
products and services that empower and inspire you. And we're so excited to see what you'll do with all of the new innovations
introduced today. Everyone take care,
stay safe, and have a great day. ["Good Day for Dreaming"
by Ruelle playing] Hello and welcome back to Apple Park. I am so glad you could join us today. Just last month we were here
to introduce some great new products: Apple Watch Series 6, Apple Watch SE, as well as the eighth-generation iPad and the all-new iPad Air. And we've got some more
huge announcements for you today. So let's get started with
an exciting new product for the home we know you're going to love. This year, our homes have become
even more important in our daily lives. So it's critical that the technology
we choose for our home provides a truly great experience. When we approach
designing products for the home, we focus on three key attributes: First, they must be easy to use, from the initial setup
to the way you interact with it every day. And we design our products to work better
together, seamlessly and intuitively. We also design them to be secure
and to protect your privacy. Because you should be the one in control
of how your personal data is used. We applied these principles
when we created HomePod. HomePod is a breakthrough speaker that combines precise, high-fidelity sound
with the intelligence of Siri. It provides an entirely new way to
discover and interact with music at home. And now we want to bring this experience
to even more people. So today, I'm excited to introduce
the newest addition to the HomePod family. And I'd like to show it to you now. ["I'm Ready to Rock That"
by Bonti playing] [volume decreases] This is HomePod mini. And here's Bob to tell you all about it. [music continues] I'm so excited to tell you
about HomePod mini. It's an incredible smart speaker, with a compact, elegant design
that's perfect for your home. It's wrapped in a beautiful, seamless
mesh fabric that not only looks great, but was created specifically
for its acoustic performance. On top of HomePod mini
is a backlit touch surface that provides controls
for volume, play/pause, and even illuminates when you invoke Siri. But the design is just the beginning. In creating HomePod mini, we thought carefully about
what you want from a smart speaker. First, you want amazing sound
that ensures your music, podcasts and everything you listen to
sounds incredible. Next, you want a world-class
intelligent assistant that helps you wherever you are. And as our homes become smarter, you want it to serve
as the brain of your smart home, orchestrating and controlling
a wide range of devices. And finally, because it's your home,
you want a smart speaker that puts your privacy
and security at the forefront. All this is exactly what HomePod mini
is designed to deliver. And to tell you more
about how we made this happen, let me pass it to Dave and Yael. At Apple, we have a passion for music, so we knew HomePod mini
had to sound amazing. We started by custom-designing
every acoustic element. We created a full-range dynamic driver that delivers high output
while keeping distortion to a minimum and developed a pair of high-excursion,
force-cancelling passive radiators that enable amazing bass response. We also crafted an acoustic waveguide to deliver a consistent,
360-degree sound experience, enabling you to place
HomePod mini anywhere. In order to get truly big sound
out of this compact design, we combined it
with the powerful Apple S5 chip and advanced software which all together
enables something we call... computational audio. Even before you hear the first note, HomePod mini is analyzing
the unique characteristics of the music and applying complex tuning models
to optimize loudness, adjust the dynamic range, and control the movement of the driver
and passive radiators in real time. And all this happens
over 180 times a second. The result is an audio experience
unheard of in a speaker this size and one only Apple can deliver. Now, bringing amazing sound into your home isn't just about
breakthrough audio quality. It's also about letting you
enjoy that sound throughout your house. Multiple HomePod mini speakers can play perfectly in sync
across your entire house. That's great for entertaining or keeping up with your favorite podcast
as you get stuff done. And when you place two in the same room, they'll intelligently
become a stereo pair, filling your space
with rich, enveloping sound. ["Ferris Wheel" by Sylvan Esso playing] And to make HomePod mini the ultimate smart speaker
for iPhone owners, later this year, you'll get a new
Handoff experience that's truly magical. Using the U1 Ultra Wideband chip, which we introduced in iPhone last year, HomePod mini can understand,
with high precision, when your iPhone is nearby. Bring iPhone close to HomePod mini and you'll get visual, audible
and haptic effects... [hip-hop playing] ...so it feels like your devices
are physically connected as music flows from one to the other. And of course, HomePod mini
can play all of your favorite content. In addition to Apple Music, you can listen to
all your favorite podcasts, along with thousands of radio stations from iHeartRadio, RADIO.COM and TuneIn. And in the coming months, you'll be able to use services
from providers like Pandora and Amazon. And because HomePod mini
has the power of Siri, anyone in the home can ask
to play an artist, album or track, hear a playlist,
or even search for music by lyrics. Hey Siri, play the song that goes,
"feeling good, never stressed." Here's "Sunday Best" by Surfaces. [upbeat music playing] Siri on HomePod mini
brings you the music you love and helps you discover new favorites. But of course, Siri does more
than just play your favorite music. To tell you more, here's Yael. Siri is what makes a smart speaker,
well, smart. Siri was the first mainstream
intelligent assistant, and today
it's the most popular in the world, available on over a billion devices and handling over 25 billion requests
a month. And Siri keeps getting better. In the past three years,
Siri's gotten faster and more concise. Speech recognition is twice as accurate. And Siri knows over 20 times more facts. Together, Siri and HomePod mini do everything you'd expect
from a smart speaker, from multiple timers and alarms
to weather reports to answering the random questions
kids think up. But what really sets HomePod mini apart is Siri's deep integration with iPhone. Using Siri, HomePod mini
can access the apps on your iPhone to send a message,
check your calendar, make a call, even find your iPhone. And because of this, you'll be able to ask HomePod mini
for a personal update with just a single request. Hey Siri, what's my update? Good morning, Jumi. It's currently sunny and 72 degrees. Your first event is at 11:00 a.m.,
gallery visit. You have one upcoming reminder: call Zoe. Of course, your voice
isn't the only voice in your house. Siri knows that and can recognize the voices
of each member of your household so that everyone gets
their own personal experience. Hey Siri, what's my first class today? Hey Siri, text Anika,
"I'll pick you up in ten." Hey Siri, play my Favorites mix. Okay, Moe. Favorites mix now playing. And deep integration with iPhone also enables a magical experience
with CarPlay. Ask HomePod mini what time Target closes and a Siri suggestion
automatically appears in CarPlay, so when you hop in the car,
the route is ready and waiting for you. With the intelligence of Siri, HomePod mini helps you
get things done around the home. Next, let's turn to the smart home. When it comes to your home,
you want comfort and convenience without complexity. So with HomePod mini,
we've made the smart home simple. HomePod mini automatically
integrates with the Home app so you can control all of your HomeKit
accessories with just your voice. You can ask to turn down the heat, lock the doors, dim the lights, or even set a scene... [Jumi] Hey Siri, good morning. Good morning. The scene is set. [Garten] ...to control multiple
accessories with a single voice command. And if you're just getting started
with your smart home, the new Discover Tab in the Home app makes it easy to find
all kinds of great smart home accessories to control lighting,
security, comfort and more. One of the most important parts
of the smart home is communicating with your family, which is why we created... Intercom. Intercom lets you quickly
send a message from one HomePod to another in a different room or to multiple rooms throughout your home. Hey Siri, tell everyone,
"We're late. Let's go!" [HomePod mini chimes] [Moe] We're late. Let's go! Hey Siri, reply,
"I'm just getting my jacket." But what's really exciting
is that we've taken it a step further and designed Intercom
to also work with your iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and even CarPlay, something only Apple can do. You'll get a home intercom system
that goes everywhere with you. [Moe] Ask everyone,
"Who's hungry? I've got pizza." [Garten]
The message will automatically play on HomePod speakers throughout the home, and a notification will appear
on your family's personal devices. And Intercom messages
will play on AirPods as well, so you can always
get your kid's attention. Reply, "You read my mind." ["JEWELZ" by Anderson .Paak playing] Intercom helps connect
the members of your home in an entirely new way. We're so excited about how HomePod mini brings the power of Siri intelligence
to your smart home. Back to Bob. Not only is HomePod mini
packed with great features, like every Apple product it's designed with your privacy
and security in mind. Nothing you say is sent out of your home
until you activate Siri with a touch or it hears those magic words, "Hey Siri." And your requests
are not associated with your Apple ID, and you choose whether Apple
saves your audio recordings. Personal requests only work
when your iPhone is home with you, and all communication with smart home
accessories uses strong encryption. We can't wait for you to enjoy
the incredible experiences the new HomePod mini brings to your home. It comes in both white and space gray, and I'm thrilled to announce
that HomePod mini will be available for just $99. And you can order HomePod mini
November 6th, and it will start shipping
the week of November 16th. So that's HomePod mini. With the power of computational audio, a world-class intelligent assistant, great features like Intercom and tight integration
with your favorite Apple devices. And now back to Tim. Now let's talk about iPhone. iPhone is an incredibly powerful
and personal device. It's the product we use the most
every day. With amazing capabilities,
iPhone has changed our lives and has never been
more indispensable than it is now. It's been another big year for iPhone. Ever since its launch, iPhone 11 has been
the most popular smartphone in the world. People love their iPhones. iPhone has led the industry
in customer satisfaction every year since it was first introduced. There's so much that people
love about their iPhones. They love how easy it is to use, how it connects people in personal ways, how it elevates photography, keeps us informed
and keeps us entertained. With a powerful ecosystem of apps
in the App Store, iPhone enables people to do
more and more things every day. And users can trust that iPhone
is designed to do all of this while protecting
their security and privacy. Every decade,
there's a new generation of technology that provides a step change
in what we can do with our iPhones. The next generation is here. Today is the beginning
of a new era for iPhone. Today we're bringing 5G to iPhone. This is a huge moment for all of us,
and we're really excited. 5G will bring a new level of performance
for downloads and uploads, higher quality video streaming,
more responsive gaming, real-time interactivity and so much more. 5G networks are more advanced, with lower latency
and less network congestion. So you can get higher network speeds
even in densely populated areas. And 5G even helps protect
your privacy and security, since you won't need to connect
to unknown, unsecured, public Wi-Fi hotspots as often. Each generation
of cellular network technology on iPhone has enabled breakthrough innovations and entirely new opportunities
for our developers and our users. And 5G is the most exciting step yet. For so many people, this all becomes real
with 5G coming to iPhone. As you know,
iPhone provides seamless integration of world-class hardware
and world-class software. What you may not know about
is the incredible collaboration between Apple and our carrier partners
around the world to ensure iPhone users
get the best possible experience. We're fortunate today to have
one of our closest partners join us. I'd like to welcome Hans Vestberg,
Chairman and CEO of Verizon, here to Apple Park. Hans, this really is a big day. And our teams have done
some amazing work together. I want to thank you
and the whole Apple team for a fantastic collaboration
leading up to this historic moment. Until now, most people have taken
a "wait and see" approach to 5G. They've been waiting for 5G to get real... with the network coverage they expect, the incredible performance
they have been promised, and the devices they love. Well, today with iPhone, the wait is over. 5G just got real. Of course,
what's the most exciting part for me as a guy who has worked in networking
for 25-plus years? That fact that for the first time ever, iPhone can now access
Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband. It's built with large quantities
of mmWave spectrum that enable unprecedented performance. 5G Ultra Wideband
has already been recognized as being the fastest 5G in the world. And it's getting even faster. Our 5G network now gives you
double the peak download speeds: over 4 gigabits per seconds today
in ideal conditions and even higher over time. And double the upload speeds
at over 200 megabits per second. So whenever you're watching
a high-definition movie or you're planning business workflows
with real-time augmented reality, you can be sure that
there's no faster 5G anywhere on earth. 5G Ultra Wideband has, also,
a massive capacity. We're building it to help remove
bottlenecks in crowded places where thousands of people
use their phones at the same time. Because one day
we'll be safely back in those places. And so, we're nearly doubling
our 5G-enabled stadiums, venues, airports, train stations, and lighting up some of
the busiest locations in the country. This enables amazing things, like reinventing
the in-stadium fan experience with our NFL partners. The new Verizon 5G SuperStadium
experience in the NFL app lets fans see and feel the action from up to seven camera angles,
including views from players' eyes, and an immersive augmented reality
like never before. We're excited for NFL
to be rolling this out to many stadiums through the course of the season. And finally, 5G Ultra Wideband
provides you with super low latency, so experiences like multiplayer gaming feel like they're happening
in near real time, freed from the confines of your home. Together with Apple, Verizon has partnered with one of
the world's leading gaming companies for some exciting news
that you'll hear about later today. To make this incredible experience
available to more people, we're doubling down
on our fastest network, the 5G Ultra Wideband, with double the coverage
in existing cities like New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, and expanding into new cities
like Philadelphia and San Francisco, with 60 cities by year-end. In addition to our
5G Ultra Wideband network, we have an extensive 5G network. And today, we're excited to announce that Verizon is turning on
our 5G Nationwide network, reaching more than 200 million people
across more than 1,800 cities and towns. So, all of the pieces
have now come together: the coverage of 5G Nationwide, the unprecedented performance of
5G Ultra Wideband in more and more cities, the reliability you expect from Verizon. With the first 5G iPhone
on the 5G America has been waiting for, we can finally say, 5G just got real. Hans, this is definitely
the start of something big. Thank you for joining us, and thank you for all the great work
we're doing together. We are very excited about 5G on iPhone, and we're going to introduce 5G across our entire lineup
of new iPhone models today. So now I'd like to show you
the very first iPhone with 5G. Introducing iPhone 12. To tell you all about it,
I'd like to hand it over to Kaiann. Let's take a closer look
at iPhone 12 with 5G. It has an all-new design
that's simply stunning. It has smooth, flat edges, allowing the aluminum frame and glass
to stay flush, front and back, creating this unique uniform construction. Inside and out, iPhone was re-architected to pack in new technologies
into a smaller form factor. iPhone 12 was designed with 5G in mind, including the position of all-new antennas
which go around the aluminum frame. The design looks amazing
in five stunning new colors: black, white, (PRODUCT)RED, green
and a gorgeous blue. iPhone 12 features the same great
6.1-inch display size as iPhone 11, yet we reduced the display borders
to create a much smaller iPhone. If we compare it to iPhone 11, iPhone 12 is 11% thinner, 15% smaller in volume and 16% lighter. Keeping the display size and
reducing the footprint was only possible by bringing our best display technology
to iPhone 12. And that is our Super Retina XDR display. Our new Apple-custom OLED
has many advantages over LCD. Each OLED pixel has its own light
which can be individually controlled, giving us pixel-precision brightness,
rich colors and an amazing two-million-to-one
contrast ratio for true blacks in photos, videos, games. And Dark Mode looks fantastic. The new OLED display
also has a higher resolution, with twice as many pixels as iPhone 11. It now has 460 pixels per inch. So text will be sharper
for easier reading, and your photos will look better, with more detail, increased dynamic range
and precise color. And peak brightness is nearly twice
as high for HDR content: 1,200 nits, and we include support
for HDR video formats: Dolby Vision, HDR10 and HLG. We obsess over
making your display impeccable, and of course it's important that
we protect your display in the best way. The cover glass on iPhone 11
is the toughest in the industry, but iPhone 12 leaps ahead
with something even better. Much better. Our incredible Materials Engineering team has been working closely
with our partners at Corning, the leaders in glass technology, on a new cutting-edge material. And we call it Ceramic Shield. Ceramic Shield goes beyond glass by adding a new high-temperature
crystallization step which grows nanoceramic crystals
within the glass matrix to dramatically improve toughness. To make this material
both tough and optically clear, we precisely control the type of crystals and degree of crystallinity. This was the breakthrough that made
Ceramic Shield possible for iPhone. Ceramic Shield is tougher
than any smartphone glass, and along with our new design
it makes iPhone more durable than ever. We measured four times
better drop performance. That means if your iPhone
accidentally slips out of your pocket, Ceramic Shield will have four times
the chance of surviving without cracking. This is the biggest jump in reliability
we've ever had on iPhone, and we are thrilled
to bring that to iPhone 12. Let's talk more about
the 5G capability on iPhone 12. As Tim said, to create
the best possible 5G experience it required seamless integration
of hardware and software, and partnering closely with carriers. Here's Arun to tell you more. I'm here in one of our
50 world-class anechoic chambers where we develop and test
advanced wireless capabilities like 5G. And we approach this differently
than anyone else. Starting with hardware, we designed
custom 5G antennas and radio components that allow us to target exactly
what works best in the entire system. We can be very space efficient while also including the most 5G bands
in a single phone, to work on 5G in more places
than any other smartphone. Another Apple advantage is our ability
to engineer a fully integrated system from silicon to software. We analyzed our entire software stack
from applications down to firmware to take advantage of 5G speeds. For example, we optimized iOS frameworks, so apps can get the benefit of 5G
without using more power. 5G makes iPhone faster. We also made 5G smarter
with Smart Data mode. When your iPhone doesn't need 5G speeds, it automatically uses LTE to save battery. But the instant 5G speeds do matter,
iPhone starts using it. We also conduct rigorous validation. For example,
this custom-built anechoic chamber helps us replicate signals
from multiple sources and directions. We use this data
to optimize our antenna system and our unique beamforming algorithms. To deliver 5G around the world, we collaborate closely
with carrier partners, ensuring iPhone has great throughput, coverage, call quality and battery life. We've completed 5G testing
on over 100 carriers in over 30 regions, and we're seeing impressive peak speeds
on iPhone 12. Up to 3.5 gigabits per second
in ideal conditions. Of course, 5G speeds will vary
by carrier and region. In the US, we also support mmWave, the high frequency version of 5G
on all iPhone 12 models. This includes support for
Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband network. This technology is ideal
for densely populated areas and crowded stadiums. With wider bandwidth,
it can deliver even higher speeds. In fact, we have measured over
4 gigabits per second in ideal conditions and up to 1 gigabit per second
in typical conditions. This is just the beginning, and we're excited to offer iPhone users
the best possible 5G experience. Now back to Kaiann. Now let's talk about the chip
that powers the new iPhone. The A13 Bionic on iPhone 11
is still the fastest chip in a smartphone. That's until now. We have a new chip developed
by our world-class silicon team: A14 Bionic, the fastest chip
ever in a smartphone. Let me quickly take you
to our secret chip lab where Hope will tell you all about it. [beeping] And finally, here's Hope. Every year, iPhone sets the standard
for mobile performance, even challenging
the performance of laptops. This year, A14 Bionic also marks a very important milestone
in the history of iPhone. A14 Bionic
is the first smartphone chip in the world built on the latest
5-nanometer process technology. The reduction in transistor size
enables us to add features and increase performance, all while improving energy efficiency. Our Silicon Engineering team has packed 11.8 billion transistors
into A14 Bionic, an increase of nearly 40% compared to A13. A14 improves performance and efficiency
across the entire design of the chip, starting with the CPU. The new 6-core CPU in A14
is the fastest CPU in any smartphone. In fact, it's up to 50% faster. A14 also features
our latest 4-core GPU design, driving increased image quality
and overall efficiency, so it's even better for advanced games
and machine learning. And compared to the competition,
it's the fastest GPU in any smartphone, delivering up to 50% faster graphics. We've also made
significant architectural changes that push the limits of ML processing, a critical design investment
to enable new experiences. We've dramatically increased
the performance of our Neural Engine by growing from 8 to 16 cores. This change delivers
up to 80% faster performance on the most critical
machine learning models. This new Neural Engine is capable of an astounding
11 trillion operations per second. And we've also increased the performance
of our CPU's dedicated ML accelerators, now 70% faster, so our developers benefit from considerably improved ML performance
on our entire chip. Our silicon powers
every experience on the iPhone, and with A14 Bionic
we make those experiences even better with big updates to our CPU, GPU and a dramatic increase
in machine learning capabilities. Back to Kaiann. A14 Bionic enables console-quality games. With the faster speeds
and lower latency of 5G, multiplayer gaming gets even better. Later this year, one of the best games
of all time is coming to iPhone. It has held the prestigious title of most popular, most played
and most viewed game in the world and revolutionized e-sports with over 100 million people
watching the world championship last year. I'm, of course,
talking about League of Legends. Using the power of the new A14 Bionic and Verizon's 5G Ultra Wideband network, iPhone gaming
is taking an enormous leap forward. Here's Michael Chow,
executive producer from Riot Games, to tell you more about it. At Riot, we aspire to make games
that meet our players wherever they are. League of Legends
is the world's most popular PC game. But now with the insanely powerful
iPhone 12 and Verizon 5G, we believe it's the perfect time
to bring League to iOS. This is League of Legends: Wild Rift. The power of A14 Bionic
literally blew us away. It allows us to show off champions
like Ashe with a brand-new level of fidelity
that you can't find on any other platform. With off-the-charts GPU performance
and frames per second, you get amazing details
and fluid gameplay, even in the most chaotic team fights. On iPhone 12, gameplay is always
responsive and unbelievably smooth. Until now, to be competitive
in League of Legends, you had to be tied to your desk. But Verizon 5G frees you
to game like a pro pretty much anywhere, no Wi-Fi required. And with wicked-fast speeds
up to 25 times today's networks, not only is gameplay fast,
but so are downloads. So you can instantly grab dope new skins that show off all your favorite champs. We'll see you on the Wild Rift. Wow! What a huge moment for mobile gaming. We can't wait to play League of Legends
on iPhone 12. A14 Bionic also combines
with our cameras and powerful software to deliver the new dual-camera system
of iPhone 12. It has the Ultra Wide camera
that people love and use to take inspiring photos
in creative ways. iPhone 12 also has a new Wide camera with an f/1.6 aperture, our fastest yet. This allows more light to hit the sensor,
making every photo better. Along with the wider aperture, we developed our first 7-element lens to maintain sharp detail in your photo
from edge to edge. This delivers a 27% improvement
in low-light performance, so photos and videos all around
will have less noise and brighter results. Like in this photo, with fantastic detail
in her hair, clothing, and the sun's reflection. On top of this,
we use computational photography to deliver
even more powerful new features. Our Smart HDR 3
continues to bring out details in faces, like you see here
when the sun is so bright behind her. Now it understands scenes
with machine learning and applies more adjustments
to distinct parts of the photo. For example, Smart HDR 3
brings out more detail in the rocks and uses sky segmentation
to adjust for color, contrast and noise. Computational photography
also enables Night mode, which has been called
the best in the industry. Night mode on iPhone 12 gets even better. The faster aperture captures more light. And now, we are expanding Night mode
to all cameras of iPhone 12, for the first time on the Ultra Wide and front TrueDepth camera,
which is perfect for Night mode selfies. This is without a flash. These cameras are incredible. Let's take a look at other photos
shot on iPhone 12. This photo makes use
of the Ultra Wide lens while maintaining sharpness and clarity
like you see in the branches and leaves. Here's another Ultra Wide photo,
shot from below. Just look at the amazing details
in the clothing and chandeliers. In this low-light portrait photo, the color and warm light in the background
come together seamlessly. For video,
iPhone continues to lead the industry with the highest-quality video. And with the larger aperture,
iPhone 12 video will get even better, with big improvements in lower light. We're adding Night mode time-lapse, with longer exposure and brighter frames
when using a tripod. We wanted to show you iPhone 12 in action, so here's a video we shot and edited
entirely on iPhone 12. ["Why iii Love the Moon"
by Phony Ppl playing] With an amazing camera on the go
and 5G speeds, iPhone 12 takes us
into an even more wireless world. We love wireless charging,
but want to improve the experience. When setting down your phone, you can
miss the exact center of the charger, which can result in slow,
less efficient charging, or none at all. So with iPhone 12,
we are making this so much better. But that's not all. Introducing MagSafe for iPhone. To tell you more, here's Deniz. MagSafe is an advanced new system. It starts by improving
the wireless charging experience. Our wound wire coil,
which is unique in the industry, now accommodates magnets and maintains compatibility
with existing Qi chargers. The magnets are optimized
for alignment and efficiency. And we improved our shielding design to safely provide up to 15 watts
for faster charging. We use a custom nanocrystalline shield
to capture magnetic flux. We also added two new sensors: a single-turn coil NFC
and a sensitive magnetometer, which senses magnetic field strength
and can instantly react to it. This enables iPhone 12
to recognize and provide a better experience for accessories. Any MagSafe accessory
can simply snap onto the back of iPhone. So, this is really great. We're enabling a whole new ecosystem
for MagSafe, starting with all-new cases for iPhone 12: silicone, clear, leather... which have magnets to snap on and off,
and they're far easier to use. And you can use other MagSafe accessories
on top of the cases, like the MagSafe charger. And there's a MagSafe wallet.
It just snaps to the back of iPhone and also works on top of MagSafe cases. The leather sleeve uses MagSafe sensors to identify when iPhone is inside
to reveal the clock. We also developed
the new MagSafe Duo Charger for your iPhone and Apple Watch. You can charge both devices
with one charger, and it folds up easily
for when you travel. And these are just the accessories
we are introducing. Belkin is already working
on a couple of new accessories: a car mount and a multi-charger dock. We can't wait to see the innovative ways
that others will use MagSafe, creating a robust
and ever-expanding ecosystem. Back to you, Kaiann. We also have some big
environmental news for iPhone. To tell you more, here's Lisa. Today, Apple is carbon neutral
for our global corporate operations. Our offices, stores and data centers
run on 100% renewable energy. And we're proud of how far we've come. But by 2030, we plan to have net zero
climate impact across our entire business, including our manufacturing supply chain
and all product life cycles. This means that every Apple device sold, from material collection,
component manufacturing, assembly, transport,
customer use, charging, all the way through recycling
and material recovery will be 100% carbon neutral. Many of iPhone 12's environmental features
build on our past progress, removing harmful chemicals and using
renewable and recyclable materials. And now, for the first time, we are using 100% recycled
rare earth elements in all magnets, including the camera, haptics and MagSafe. We've also been transitioning
our iPhone manufacturing partners to renewable energy. And just like we did with Apple Watch, we looked for ways to cut waste
and use less material. Customers already have over 700 million
Lightning headphones. And many customers have moved
to a wireless experience with AirPods, Beats
or other wireless headphones. And there are also over two billion
Apple power adapters out in the world, and that's not counting the billions
of third-party adapters. So we are removing these items
from the iPhone box, which reduces carbon emissions and avoids the mining and use
of precious materials. Removing these items also means
a smaller, lighter iPhone box. We can fit up to 70% more products
on a shipping pallet, reducing carbon emissions
in our global logistics chain. Taken altogether,
the changes we've made for iPhone 12 cut over two million metric tons
of carbon emissions annually. It's like removing 450,000 cars
from the road per year. This is huge, and we're really proud
that Apple is taking the lead. We hope others will follow, making this impact
even bigger for our planet. Back to you, Kaiann. Now every iPhone will include
the more advanced and higher power USB-C to Lightning Cable. It can be used with any standard
USB-C power adapter or computer port. And USB-C enables fast charging. So that's iPhone 12 with 5G. But to add to all these big announcements, we also wanted to do something
a little different. ["James Bond Theme" playing] Something only Apple would do. [music continues] [beeps] [beeps] This is iPhone 12 mini. With its amazing size,
it fits in the palm of your hand, while still keeping the expansive
edge-to-edge Super Retina XDR display. It's smaller and lighter than
our 4.7-inch models like iPhone 8, but with a larger 5.4-inch display
that lets you see so much more. With its compact size, the iPhone 12 mini has
the exact same features as iPhone 12. You're just choosing
between two great sizes. In fact, iPhone 12 mini
is the smallest, thinnest and lightest 5G phone in the world. With its large screen and compact size, we think this will be
an incredibly popular iPhone. Everything on iPhone 12
and iPhone 12 mini is the latest: 5G, the fastest chip with A14 Bionic, most advanced display with OLED, all-new design with Ceramic Shield, even better water resistance,
new cameras for low light, and MagSafe. Let's see everything iPhone 12 can do. ["Eat Them Apples" by Suzi Wu playing] [camera shutter clicking] Even with these huge updates, the iPhone 12 lineup will start
at just $699 for iPhone 12 mini and $799 for iPhone 12. We also have great financing options
from Apple as well as our partners. This includes a very special offer
from Verizon. If you trade in an iPhone X or newer, you can get iPhone 12 starting at $15 per month for 24 months, or iPhone 12 mini for just $12 per month. This is an unprecedented leap forward
for iPhone. There is simply nothing like iPhone 12. Back to you, Tim. iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 mini
are absolutely amazing. They are the start of a new era
for iPhone. Yet that's just half
of our iPhone story today. We want to take it even further
with our pro line of iPhones. And here they are. This is iPhone 12 Pro. I'd like to hand it over to Joz
to tell you all about it. iPhone 12 Pro is designed for our users who want
the absolute most from their iPhone. It takes our new design even further
with premium materials. This includes a durable and beautiful
surgical-grade stainless steel band and precision-milled back glass. They come in four new finishes,
including an elegant silver, a rich, deep graphite, a stunning gold and an all-new Pacific Blue. They're engineered
with an advanced PVD process that provides a spectacular luster. And our new gold uses a high-power
magnetron coating process that gives the stainless steel
a stunning bright gold finish. The pro models also feature
our incredibly durable Ceramic Shield. And these models have best-in-class
water and dust resistance with an IP68 rating, so they can withstand submersion
at up to six meters for 30 minutes. The pro design is complemented beautifully
with our new MagSafe accessories which provide easy and secure attachment
and high-power charging. iPhone 12 Pro features our industry-leading
Super Retina XDR displays. We were able to go from today's 5.8-inch
to a much larger 6.1-inch display. And iPhone 12 Pro Max increases
from today's 6.5-inch to a more expansive 6.7-inch display. We were able to grow these displays but keep the form factors
nearly identical. So for people who want
our biggest displays, this is the largest display ever
in an iPhone, with our highest resolution, featuring nearly
three and a half million pixels. HDR video comes to life. High-resolution HDR movies and TV shows
that you stream over 5G will look amazing. Our pro models are packed
with pro-level performance. While our competition is scrambling
to catch up with our chips from last year, we remain generations ahead. And our advantages
go beyond the CPU and GPU. Together with our Image Signal Processor,
or ISP, they enable powerful computational
photography for camera experiences that simply are not possible
with traditional cameras. For example, Deep Fusion uses
machine learning on the Neural Engine for pixel-by-pixel processing of photos with unprecedented detail, texture
and minimal noise. To accomplish this, Deep Fusion uses
all the compute engines of the A14. Our camera sensor captures multiple images and processes them through the ISP. The CPU computes
the alignment of the frames. The GPU pre-processes the images before running them through
the Neural Engine. And then there's additional
post-processing done in the GPU. With A14 Bionic, we are able to bring
Deep Fusion to all four cameras of iPhone 12 Pro, including the front-facing
TrueDepth camera. We combine state-of-the-art
camera hardware with this amazing compute power to create a pro camera system
that is unlike any other device. iPhone 12 Pro features
our amazing Ultra Wide camera with a 120-degree field of view, and our new Wide camera
with faster f/1.6 aperture and 7-element lens
that lets in 27% more light. iPhone 12 Pro also features a 52 mm
Telephoto camera for stunning portraits. So iPhone 12 Pro delivers
high-quality optical images at three different focal lengths, with a 4x optical zoom range. The larger size of the iPhone 12 Pro Max provided us with an opportunity to do
even more with our pro camera system. And here's Andrew
to tell you all about it. In iPhone 12 Pro Max, we've been able
to create our best camera ever. We have a brand-new Telephoto camera
with a 65 mm focal length. Moving from a 52 mm focal length
to a 65 mm allows for longer framing
in the classic portrait style. With the new Telephoto, you can now
optically zoom in two and a half times for even closer shots or tighter crops, which means improving
to a 5x optical zoom range from the Ultra Wide's 13 mm
to the Telephoto's 65 mm. iPhone 12 Pro Max features
an all-new massive Wide camera with an f/1.6 aperture, a new sensor and new system for
Optical Image Stabilization, or OIS. Let me first tell you
about the new sensor. It's 47% larger,
with 1.7 micron pixels, our largest yet. Larger pixels plus a faster aperture gives iPhone 12 Pro Max an incredible 87% improvement
in low light, which is our biggest leap
in light gathering capability. On top of that,
we developed a completely new system for optical image stabilization that adopts a high-end DSLR approach
called sensor-shift. Sensor-shift applies stabilization
to the sensor instead of the heavier lens to precisely control motion in X and Y
while maintaining sharpness. This cancels both low
and high-frequency disturbances like hand movement or vibrations in a car. In addition, the OIS
on all our Wide cameras this year can now make 5,000
micro adjustments per second, which is five times more than last year. Along with motion processing advancements, we get stabilized exposure times
of up to two seconds in low light for handheld shots, equal to a full f-stop increase
in light gathering. This sensor-shift system
is unique to Apple and helps people capture
everyday situations with extraordinary images. And it delivers steady video
with a truly cinematic feel. Now here's my colleague Alok
to tell you more about another feature we created for our pro users. These are amazing cameras for pros, and we want
to give our pros even more control over the images they capture. Many pros love to capture in RAW, but they're missing the benefit
of our sophisticated image fusion. So we'd like to show you a sneak peek
of a new feature that combines the control
of shooting in RAW with the power
of our computational photography. And that's Apple ProRAW. This will be
an incredible feature for pros and will be available
in the iPhone Camera app on iPhone 12 Pro and 12 Pro Max
later this year. It provides many of the benefits
of our multi-frame image processing and computational photography, like Deep Fusion and Smart HDR, and combines them with the depth
and flexibility of a RAW format. In order to achieve this,
we constructed a new pipeline that takes components of the processing we do in our CPU, GPU, ISP
and Neural Engine and combines them
into a new Deep Image file computed at the time of capture
without any shutter delay. And we do this for all four cameras, dynamically adapting for various scenes while maintaining
our intuitive camera experience. Things like sharpening, white balance
and tone mapping become instructions
rather than being baked into the photo, delivering full creative control
over color, detail and dynamic range. Here you can see a photo
shot with Apple ProRAW. Notice how it's taken full advantage
of Deep Fusion to capture a wide range of light
and shadow from multiple exposures. Because all the data is contained
in Apple ProRAW, this image can be processed
in various ways while retaining the crisp,
beautifully rendered detail. You can edit Apple ProRAW
directly in our Photos app and other professional photo editing apps. We're also creating an API
for third-party apps to capture images in Apple ProRAW. This is really the best of both worlds. The flexibility of RAW with the power
of Apple's computational photography. And now, back to Joz. iPhone 12 Pro allows you
to take absolutely stunning photos. Even at dusk, you can see the incredible
color and texture in the shadows. You can see this Ultra Wide shot
preserves the detail in the cracks of the desert floor. You can almost feel it. With Deep Fusion,
you can even see the detail of her dress in this low-light setting. In this classic black-and-white, you can feel the sun glistening
on the horse. On a tripod,
we can take Night mode even further, capturing the pop of color in the tent
as well as the stars in the night sky. Now let's talk about pro video. Year after year, iPhone provides the highest quality video
on a smartphone. Pros use iPhone to shoot TV shows,
news reports and even movies. This has never been more important,
as our homes have become our studios. In fact, for many TV productions,
from American Idol to Mythic Quest, the show has been able to go on
because of iPhone. This year, we're taking pro video further,
much further. For the first time, we're bringing
HDR video recording to iPhone. You can now record
in 10-bit High Dynamic Range. This means we can capture
over 700 million colors. That's 60 times more colors than before. While you capture,
you get a live preview of your HDR content on the Super Retina XDR display. And we're also gonna do something
that no other device in the world can do. iPhone 12 Pro is the first camera to record in Dolby Vision HDR. To accomplish this,
every single frame of 10-bit video runs through our ISP,
generating a histogram and allowing iPhone
to grade each frame in Dolby Vision, live while you're recording. And we can do this at 4K resolution
and 60 frames per second. This is enabled by our Apple custom sensor and the incredible power of the A14, which does the intense processing
of these image algorithms in real time. Prior to today, you needed
a pro studio lab and special equipment to edit your original Dolby Vision footage
and then re-encode your files. iPhone 12 Pro will be the first device
to edit in Dolby Vision, right from the Photos app. You can even apply filters. iPhone will regenerate
the Dolby Vision tuning on the fly. Oscar-winning cinematographer
Emmanuel "Chivo" Lubezki made a film to showcase iPhone 12 Pro
with Dolby Vision, and I'd like to show it to you now. My name is Emmanuel Lubezki.
I am a cinematographer. When I started shooting movies,
you had to rent a very expensive camera, buy film stock, pay for developing, special equipment for editing. Now, you can really go out with
one of these devices and make a movie. The iPhone Pro will allow filmmakers
all around the world to make films that otherwise are impossible
because you don't have the means or because the cameras are too heavy
or too complicated. I think the next great cinematographer
or the next great film director is already making movies
with one of these devices. So iPhone is the first and only device that enables you to capture, edit,
watch and share Dolby Vision video. What an incredible
end-to-end pro video workflow, right from your pocket. And with 5G, sharing your videos
from the field has never been faster. And we have another exciting capability
we're bringing to our new pro iPhones. Here's Francesca to tell you more. We've pushed the industry
with depth technology over the years, and today we continue
that innovation with... a LiDAR scanner. LiDAR stands
for Light Detection and Ranging, and it measures how long it takes light
to reach an object and reflect back. We've adopted this technology for iPhone, and with the machine learning
and depth frameworks of iOS 14, iPhone understands the world around you and builds a precise depth map
of the scene. It enables object and room scanning,
photo and video effects and precise placement of AR objects. LiDAR makes iPhone 12 Pro
a powerful device for delivering instant AR and
unlocking endless opportunities in apps. The LiDAR scanner also takes
our pro camera system to a whole new level. With LiDAR's ability to see in the dark, we use it for autofocus
in low-light scenes, improving accuracy to focus
and reducing capture time. Instead of hunting for focus, the LiDAR scanner
can identify the subject, focus and capture right away. This works in photos and videos. In fact, with LiDAR, we can improve
focus time in low-light scenes by up to six times, so your subject is clearly in focus,
without missing the moment. LiDAR also improves depth
in low light for Night mode, enabling stunning
Night mode portrait shots like this one. Look at the incredible detail in the face, the realistic color throughout the scene and the blooming bokeh
in the lights in the background. And that's the new LiDAR scanner
on iPhone 12 Pro. Now back to Joz. As you can see, iPhone 12 Pro
is loaded with incredible innovations. And when you combine
these advanced capabilities with 5G, it will enable you to do
so much more on the go. And 5G is going to unlock even more
opportunities for our developers. I'd like to show you a couple examples. On-call physicians often need to review
complex medical scans anywhere, anytime. OsiriX HD app and 5G enables them
to download these very large images with lightning-fast speeds. The ability to download
a full diagnostic scan in a matter of seconds versus minutes can make the difference between
life and death for a stroke victim. And enterprise will be able to use
private 5G networks for high reliability and low-latency apps. Like JigSpace, which accelerates
setup of complex work spaces. To set up a medical device
production facility, Medtronic would normally create
a Six Sigma cardboard layout of the space, taking weeks to design
and costing tens of thousands of dollars. And now, with 5G
and the new LiDAR scanner, iPhone 12 Pro enables teams
to immediately map the environment and collaborate with their colleagues to instantly place simulated equipment, adapt it to the room layout
and outline process flows. JigSpace on iPhone 12 Pro
enabled Medtronic to completely transform projects
from weeks to hours, reducing costs by more than 90%. We really pushed the limits with
iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max with stunning new designs
and larger displays. They're packed with
our most innovative technologies like the A14 Bionic chip, LiDAR scanner and incredible pro camera system
powered by computational photography. And now, here's a short film
we created about the iPhone 12 Pro. [man narrating] A singular new design. A reengineered chip. And 5G. This is iPhone 12 Pro. The vertical band is precision-machined
from stainless steel. The Ceramic Shield on the front
is tougher than any smartphone glass. And tighter borders allow for
even larger Super Retina XDR displays. 5G is set to change the world
with radically faster speeds. The hardware and software have been
optimized for the best 5G experience. A14 Bionic has a smaller,
5-nanometer transistor, which pushes the most powerful chip
in a smartphone generations ahead. A new and improved pro camera system makes the 12 Pro
the photographer's iPhone. The larger iPhone 12 Pro Max
pushes these innovations even further. Its bigger sensor
dramatically increases the detail captured and helps improve low-light performance
by 87%. The custom-designed LiDAR scanner puts advanced depth-mapping technology
in your pocket. You can now take a Night mode portrait and unlock a new world of possibilities
for augmented reality. iPhone 12 Pro smashes the benchmark
for highest quality video in a smartphone. The movie industry can now count on it
as an essential piece of equipment. It is the world's first device
able to capture, play back and edit 10-bit HDR footage with Dolby Vision. iPhone 12 Pro comes in two sizes and in four finishes,
including new Pacific Blue. An integral part of this year's design
is MagSafe, an intelligent system of magnets that
connect accessories in a whole new way. All this and more make the iPhone 12 Pro
the most powerful iPhone ever. Even with all of these incredible
pro technologies, we are keeping the price
the same as today, with iPhone 12 Pro starting at $999. And we're doubling the starting capacity
to 128 GB. And iPhone 12 Pro Max,
with our best cameras ever, at $1,099. We're rolling out 5G to more than
100 carriers around the world. This is our fastest rollout ever. iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro
will be available for pre-order this Friday, October 16th, and available next week on October 23rd. iPhone 12 Pro Max and iPhone 12 mini
will be available for pre-order starting on Friday, November 6th, and they will begin shipping
the following week, on November 13th. So this is our new iPhone lineup, starting with iPhone SE at just $399, and iPhone 11 is now just $599. Now back to Tim. Wow, what an amazing day. This is the day
we've all been looking forward to. It's remarkable to think about
where iPhone started and where it is today. Now with support
for high-performance 5G networks, the powerhouse A14 chip, Super Retina XDR displays
with Ceramic Shield, MagSafe and breakthrough camera systems
that even record Dolby Vision video. And pro models that take the experience
further with a pro design, four incredible cameras, LiDAR scanner and the largest display
we've ever shipped in an iPhone. We've come so far with a device
that is so important to our daily lives. This marks the start
of a new era for iPhone. And we announced HomePod mini, with computational audio,
the power of Siri, and a simple and private
smart home experience all in a beautiful, compact design. At Apple, we put the user
at the center of everything we do. It means so much to us to create products
that make a difference in people's lives. Products that make things simpler,
easier and more enjoyable. And we couldn't be
more proud of these products and the amazing teams
who made it all possible. Thank you for joining us, stay safe, and have a great day. ["Good Day for Dreaming"
by Ruelle playing] [Music] i've been on my own for a minute is it only me out there no one seems to think that i'll fit [Music] i had a dream that someday i would just lie fly away [Music] oh [Music] [Music] hello and welcome back it's great to have you join us i'm really excited for today and the news we have to share with you it's amazing to think that this is our third major event in just the past two months in the midst of enormous challenges this year our teams have remained focused and they haven't stopped innovating we're on an unbelievable pace of new product releases delivering more new products this fall than ever before starting with upgrades to our powerful operating systems as well as our other remarkable products the incredibly capable and affordable apple watch sc and apple watch series 6 putting the future of health on your wrist an entirely new fitness experience with apple fitness plus a convenient way to subscribe to apple services with apple one the new and more powerful eighth generation ipad and the stunning and versatile new ipad air the amazingly capable and compact homepod mini and we began a new era for iphone with iphone 12 and for people who want the most out of their iphone iphone 12 pro we're so excited iphone 12 mini and iphone 12 pro max will begin shipping this friday but there is just one more thing it's time to talk about the mac we love the mac it's in our dna and it's the tool that we use to build our phenomenal lineup of products our users love it too today the mac is stronger than ever it continues to lead the industry in customer satisfaction as it has for over a decade and more customers than ever are choosing the mac in fact the mac business grew by nearly 30 percent last quarter and the mac is having its best year ever and the mac continues to attract new users today over 50 of buyers are new to the mac which is simply amazing and all around the world people use the mac to do remarkable things like the mac itself they challenge the status quo they take chances they create they innovate they use the mac to help change the world and we'd like to celebrate them there's a certain kind of person who doesn't take no for an answer they don't walk in quietly they parade in trailblazing eyebrow raising status quo breaking grazing greatness braving hatred and taking up space never got a seat at the table so they can't sit and behave [Music] they'd rather defy the rules and amaze there's a certain kind of person who doesn't wait for greatness [Music] they make it [Music] great to see how people use the mac to do such amazing things the mac has always been about innovation and bold change in june we announced that the mac is taking another huge leap forward by transitioning to apple silicon and we promised that the first mac with apple silicon would arrive by the end of this year well that day is here to tell you more here's john [Music] so [Music] we love the mac and our teams have been working tirelessly to deliver the best lineup of notebooks and desktops that we've ever had well now it's time for the mac to take a gigantic leap forward to do this we needed to develop a new set of advanced technologies so for the past several years we've had our teams working with the singular purpose of defining and building the next generation of mac and at the core of this effort is the silicon we've been making apple silicon for more than a decade it's at the heart of iphone ipad and apple watch and now we want to bring it to the mac so the mac can take a huge leap forward with the incredible performance custom technologies and industry-leading power efficiency of apple silicon and as we've said we're developing a family of chips and we're going to transition the mac line to these new chips over the next couple of years well today we are incredibly excited to announce our first step in this transition with our first chip designed specifically for the mac and we call it m1 m1 has been optimized for our most popular low power systems where small size and power efficiency are critically important it is a stunningly capable chip and it ushers in a whole new era for the mac now let's get started by spending a few minutes on a deep dive into this new chip with johnny m1 is a breakthrough chip for the mac our approach with m1 was to deliver industry-leading performance and features while relentlessly focusing on power efficiency as a result m1 delivers a giant clip in performance per watt and every mac with m1 will be transformed into a completely different class or product m1 is the first system on chip or soc for the mac let me show you what that means until now a mac needed multiple chips to deliver all of its features it had chips for the processor i o security and memory now with m1 these technologies are combined into a single soc delivering a whole new level of integration for more simplicity efficiency and amazing performance m1 also features our unified memory architecture or uma m1 unifies its high bandwidth low latency memory into a single pool within a custom package as a result all of the technologies in the soc can access the same data without copying it between multiple pools of memory this dramatically improves performance and power efficiency m1 is the first personal computer chip built using the industry leading 5 nanometer process technology with incredibly small transistors measured at an atomic scale m1 is remarkably complex it packs the largest number of transistors we've ever put into a single chip m1 has a massive 16 billion transistors and we use all of these transistors to give m1 amazing performance on leading edge technologies and our goal is to make each of these technologies best in class the incredible performance of m1 starts with the cpu which features two types of cores high performance and high efficiency each performance core is designed to run a single task or thread as efficiently as possible while maximizing performance we've been advancing it year after year and now with the huge improvements in m1 when it comes to low power silicon our high performance core is the world's fastest cpu core and m1 has four of these incredibly fast high performance cores so multi-threaded workloads take a huge leap in performance as well to handle lighter workloads more efficiently m1 brings high efficiency cores to the mac they use a tenth of the power while still delivering outstanding performance these echoes are the most efficient place to run lightweight tasks and allow the performance cores to be used for the most demanding workloads and m1 has four of these efficiency cores which on their own deliver similar performance as the current generation dual core macbook air at much lower power and finally m1 has our latest performance controller that determines in real time record runs for maximum performance and efficiency altogether the eight core cpu and m1 is by far the highest performance cpu we've ever created and more importantly it delivers this performance at the lowest possible power in fact the m1 cpu leads the industry by delivering the world's best cpu performance per watt let's take a look here is the cpu performance on power usage of the very latest pc laptop chip and here's m1 m1 delivers significantly higher performance at every power level and adjust 10 watts the thermal envelope of a macbook air you can see that m1 delivers up to two times the cpu performance of the pc chip and m1 can deliver the peak performance of the pc chip while using just a quarter of the power this is a big deal what you are seeing here with m1 is extremely rare when you look back at the single threaded performance of low power silicon in the mac gains in performance per watt have been very small from one chip to the next but when we look at m1 we see a massive three times improvement in performance per watt this is unheard of now what about graphics we design gpus that deliver the maximum graphics performance and the thermal envelope of each of our products this results in a balanced system with a gpu that complements the incredible performance of our cpu complex typically pcs can't achieve this balance with integrated graphics to get great graphics performance they have to use a discrete chip which consumes a lot of power m1 is different with its integrated graphics we get the best of both worlds incredible performance and low power the gpu and m1 benefits from years of thorough analysis of mac applications it's the most advanced graphics processor we've ever created and with up to eight of these gpu cores m1 is capable of executing nearly 25 000 threads at a time from teraflops to texture bandwidth to fill rate along with its incredible efficiency m1's gpu is in a class of its own here is the graphics performance on power usage of that same pc laptop chip and here's m1 m1 delivers significantly higher performance at every power level with m1 delivering up to two times more graphics performance than the pc chip and again m1 can deliver the peak performance of the pc chip while using just one third of the power when it comes to personal computers m1 has the world's fastest integrated graphics now apple silicon is more than just a fast cpu and gpu we pack our chips with powerful custom technologies m1 features our most advanced neural engine with a 16 core design it's capable of executing a massive 11 trillion operations per second the entire m1 chip is designed to excel at machine learning and tasks like video analysis voice recognition and image processing will have a level of performance never seen before on the mac finally m1 integrates our latest generation secure enclave it's faster than ever and brings best-in-class security to the mac so that's m1 our first soc designed for the mac with its eight core cpu featuring the world's fastest cpu core along with an eight core gpu that delivers the world's fastest integrated graphics m1 leads the understand performance per watt and it has leading edge technologies like the neural engine thunderbolt and usb4 a faster secure enclave our latest isp and more with its unique combination of remarkable performance powerful features and incredible efficiency m1 is by far the best chip we've ever created and we're absolutely thrilled to bring it to the mac now back to john it is so incredibly exciting to think about the max we can build with the performance and capability of m1 the mac has never had a chip upgrade this profound but the silicon is only part of the story for all apple products it's the tight integration of our hardware and software that makes the user experience so amazing to deepen this integration on the mac we use mac specific software workloads to optimize the architecture of m1 and in the same way ios and ipad os are built to maximize our a series chips mac os big sur has been built to maximize m1 to hear how it unlocks entirely new experiences and capabilities let's turn it over to craig for the first time ever we've been able to design mac os for our own silicon i'm so excited about what this means for the platform our latest release mac os big sur is absolutely incredible on m1 big sur introduces a bold new design powerful updates for apps like safari and messages and the latest improvements to our industry-leading privacy features and by designing the whole system together hardware and software we're able to make the things you love about your mac even better your mac now instantly wakes from sleep just like the iphone and ipad let me show you but first let's set the mood [Music] how cool is that and with m1 things you do every day like launching apps are nearly instantaneous and safari which is already the world's fastest browser really shines on apple silicon it's now one and a half times speedier at running javascript and almost two times more responsive the whole system is distinctly snappy and system animations are buttery smooth the sheer speed of m1 together with mac os technologies like metal deliver a huge boost to the most demanding apps so you can render 3d animations or edit raw video footage with ease now part of the secret behind this breakthrough performance is m1's unified memory architecture we built mac os on apple silicon to use the same data formats for things like video decode gpu and display so there's no need for expensive copying or translation and mac os gives apps access to more graphics memory than ever unlocking breakthrough performance for tasks ranging from color grading 6k video to playing graphically intensive games or performing real-time machine learning inference bixer also features advanced power management which intelligently allocates tasks between m1's performance and efficiency cores automatically optimizing for lightweight tasks like reading a node or performance intensive tasks like playing a game so your mac gives you quiet performance and even better battery life when it comes to security m1 represents a major leap forward for years on ios we've worked to continuously advance the state of the art for computer security and with m1 we're bringing this architecture to the mac this includes not only hardware verified secure boot and automatic high performance encryption for all your files but also new security protections built deep into the code execution architecture of m1 giving you the most advanced security of any personal computer mac os big sur is engineered down to its core to fully take advantage of all the capability and power of m1 and it does this all while maintaining everything you love about mac os of course we've optimized all of our apps for m1 from every app that comes with mac os to every other app made by apple apps like pages numbers and keynote and garageband and imovie are showing us how great performance can be with m1 for example with logic pro you can run up to three times more instruments and effect plugins and final cut pro can fly through tasks like rendering a complex timeline up to six times faster we can't wait for you to unleash your creativity now mac os big sur has incredible technologies that enable you to run a greater range of apps than ever before first are universal apps simply put universal apps are the fastest most powerful apps you can get universal apps include a native binary version built for apple silicon as well as a native version for intel processors the two come together into a single app that you can download from the app store or from the web meaning that one app can run on all of your macs we're hearing a lot of excitement from developers as they get ready to launch their universal apps for example omni group is bringing universal versions of all of their great mac apps and adobe is bringing universal versions of their apps starting with lightroom next month and other flagship apps including photoshop early next year for existing apps that haven't yet upgraded to universal big sur includes an amazing new technology rosetta 2. on m1 systems rosetta seamlessly runs apps built for intel based macs so even without an app update you can keep working on that fusion 360 project and get to the next level in your favorite game thanks to metal and m1 some of the most graphically demanding apps actually perform better under rosetta than they did running natively on previous macs with integrated graphics it's really incredible the transition to m1 is also great for developers m1 scales up the architecture that they're already accustomed to on iphone and ipad so they can optimize their code across the whole family and these new macs can do something that no mac has ever done before for the first time ever you can run your favorite iphone and ipad apps directly on your mac you'll have more games to play more content to watch and more apps for everything you want to do all together you get access to the biggest collection of apps ever for the mac and it's only going to get better as developers continue to build new apps for m1 here are some of them in action [Applause] hey hi oh hey there you are hello hello world i work for a company called panic cinema 4d old is gate 3. i've been adobe for over 20 years at panic we make mac software a coding app for kids helps people be less boring on video when we first heard about apple silicon on mac we're announcing that the mac is transitioning to our own apple silicon blew my mind one word was amazing we were just waiting for this specific moment what does this mean for the desktop a device that we all think we know so well we got the first developer units as soon as they were announced this was the easiest transition that we've ever had getting our apps ready for apple silicon on mac literally took us a day we didn't really have to do anything to port to them hit the run took me 10 minutes here we are we got this we got this we got this wow you immediately notice that it's incredibly fast we can move much faster there are some operations which are really quite remarkable select object we've seen that operation up to eight times faster we can travel the entire world of the forgotten realms without any kind of texture popping up papers rendering two times faster three times faster four times eight times temperatures much much faster people are going to be blown away there's some dark magic at work i don't know what it is it just feels super smooth you don't have to use any of that for us it's always about the power the more powerful the computer is the more we can have fun in our apps for example using a coreml to automatically detect hand position edit 8k raw footage hundreds of thousands of layers millions of objects almost limitless interactivity rotate zoom we can keep zooming in keep zooming in some more at this point we're 100 million percent zoomed in the future that i dream of let me look into the crystal ball a seamless workflow from your phone or your ipad to your mac pushing the limits on each and every surface you open that giant file and boom it's there see the infiniteness and what you can create it's just a different level of what we thought was ever going to be possible we are in the future right now this is going to be huge what can't we do with apple silicon on mac um super good question [Music] it's amazing to see developers take advantage of the incredible performance and features of m1 and big sur we can't wait to see them reimagine what apps can do over to you john [Music] [Applause] [Music] the combination of m1 and mac os big sur is super exciting it truly takes the mac to a whole new level so now we have all the technologies we need for the next generation of mac and it's time to introduce the first mac with m1 a product where the power efficiency of m1 changes everything here it is [Music] this is the new macbook air with m1 the day the first macbook air was pulled out of that manila envelope it defined the category of thin and light notebooks and our users have been loving it ever since now with the groundbreaking efficiency of m1 the new macbook air will completely redefine what a thin and light notebook can do to tell you all about it here's laura [Music] macbook air is the most popular mac in fact it's the world's best-selling 13-inch notebook users love its stunning retina display great everyday performance and incredible portability all in a sleek wedge-shaped design these days users are working more from home learning remotely and using the air to stay connected making performance and battery life extremely important and we're thrilled that m1 our first chip for the mac enables macbook air to do things that were previously impossible on such a thin and light notebook with eight incredibly powerful cores the cpu soars to a whole new level of performance that's up to three and a half times faster than the previous generation so if you're editing family photos or exporting a video for the web with imovie the new air blazes right through it or if you're working in lightroom you can manage huge raw libraries that unheard of speeds turning your air into a mobile photo studio and with the world's fastest integrated graphics that feature up to eight cores air delivers up to five times faster graphics performance that's the biggest leap ever for macbook air so when it comes to gaming you can play immersive graphically intensive titles at significantly higher frame rates and for the first time you can edit multiple streams of full quality 4k prores video without dropping a frame that's mind-blowing for such a thin and light notebook and when you compare macbook air to the best-selling windows laptop in its class the new air is up to three times faster and what's even more amazing is that with m1 macbook air is faster than 98 of pc laptops sold in the last year now let's talk about that neural engine with 16 cores machine learning workloads are up to an astonishing nine times faster than the previous air so apps like final cut pro that use ammo based features such as smart conform to intelligently frame a clip can do so in a fraction of the time and even storage gets a performance boost with ssds that are up to two times faster thanks to the m1 storage controller and latest flash technology so tasks like previewing massive high-res images or importing large files are super quick what's also remarkable is that with the industry-leading efficiency of the m1 chip combined with the power management and mac os big sur the new air delivers all this performance without a fan so no matter how intense the task macbook air is completely silent and that same incredible efficiency also delivers extraordinary battery life with up to 15 hours of wireless web browsing and up to an amazing 18 hours of video playback that's six hours longer than before and when you're video conferencing which can rapidly drain the battery you can go up to twice as long on a single charge this is the longest battery life ever in a macbook air and as users connect with friends family and co-workers remotely we know camera image quality matters even more so we're excited that with m1 apple's latest image signal processor comes to the mac this isp delivers better noise reduction and greater dynamic range for sharper images and more detail in shadows and highlights as well as improved auto white balance combined with ml enhanced face detection so you look more natural on your facetime calls in fact everything looks stunning on the 13-inch retina display which now supports p3 wide color for even more vibrant true to life images and with the secure enclave and m1 combined with big sur air delivers best in class security with features like touch id which make it easy to unlock your mac and make secure online purchases using apple pay with just the touch of your finger and finally all these powerful features with a completely new level of performance are delivered in a sleek wedge-shaped design with m1 and big sur we've taken the macbook air and transformed it into something far beyond any other thin and light notebook and even with this gigantic increase in performance along with its new features the air still starts at just 9.99 and for education it starts at just 8.99 delivering way more value than ever before so that's the new macbook air with m1 it has jaw dropping performance three and a half times faster cpu five times faster gpu all in a silent fanless design it also has a more vibrant retina display improved camera quality and incredible battery life up to 18 hours the longest ever in a macbook air so once again macbook air completely redefines what a thin and light notebook can do back to you john this new macbook air is amazing so think about what we've done here we've taken our most popular notebook and with m1 given it more performance than 98 of pc laptops sold in the last year a huge increase in battery life and at the same time we pulled out the fan that's just nuts with that unbelievable combination of performance and portability it is by far the best macbook air we've ever made but that's not all because today we're bringing m1 to another beloved mac and here it is [Music] [Music] this is the new mac mini the tremendous level of integration offered by the system-on-a-chip design of m1 allows us to pack a remarkable amount of performance and capability into its compact design to tell you more about it here's julie [Music] mac mini delivers the mac desktop experience in an incredibly small form factor our users love its outstanding performance array of connectivity and signature design and most of all they love its versatility it's why you'll find mac minis everywhere from home offices to home theaters studios to render farms today m1 comes to mac mini bringing a seismic shift in what an ultra compact desktop can do with the 8 core cpu and m1 mac mini delivers up to three times faster cpu performance than the previous quad-core version this is a monumental leap in cpu performance for mac mini so if you're a developer compiling a million lines in xcode or a musician using logic pro to take music production to a whole new level performance never skips a beat and the 8 core gpu gives the mini a gigantic six-fold increase in graphics performance this enables you to do things you wouldn't have dreamed of before on the mac mini like designing a graphics intensive game in unity or when the work is done cranking up the graphics settings while playing a great game like baldur's gate 3. the mini has an outrageous amount of performance in such a compact design in fact if you compare mac mini to the top selling pc desktop in its price range the mini is just one tenth the size and yet it's up to five times faster mac mini just blows the competition away and there's more with m1 bringing the neural engine to mac mini machine learning workloads take a quantum leap forward with up to 15 times faster ml performance than the previous generation this means the new mac mini will supercharge innovative features that are powered by ml like magically increasing the resolution of a photo in pixelmator pro giving it more sharpness and detail it also makes mac mini a great machine for developers scientists and engineers utilizing deep learning technologies like tensorflow or create ml which are now accelerated by m1 and with the mac mini's advanced thermal design m1 is unleashed easily sustaining its breakthrough performance while the mini stays cool and quiet when it comes to connectivity there's an array of i o including two usbc ports that now support both thunderbolt and usb4 to connect a wide range of peripherals including the pro display xdr at a full 6k resolution with the m1 chip and big sur our most versatile mac packs a staggering amount of performance and incredible new features and even with all of its power and capability mac mini now starts at just 6.99 that's a hundred dollars lower than the previous generation no other desktop combines such breathtaking performance with such an affordable price so that's the mighty new mac mini powered by the m1 chip it takes an enormous jump in performance with a three times faster cpu six times faster gpu and the neural engine that boosts ml performance up to 15 times the new mac mini is a phenomenal desktop that's far more versatile and far more capable than ever now back to john this really is the most incredible mac mini we've ever made thanks to the integration and phenomenal graphics capabilities of m1 this new mini will enable high performance general purpose computing in a way that was never before possible in such a compact design there's never been a mac mini like it but we're still not done you've seen how the efficiency and integration of m1 yields incredible capability and performance in the macbook air and mac mini that performance is so good that it's also an excellent choice for another one of our most popular macs the perfect mac for many creative pros [Music] here's the new 13-inch macbook pro with m1 our most popular and affordable macbook pro dramatically changes your expectations of what a compact pro notebook can do and to tell you all about it here's shruthi [Music] the 13-inch macbook pro is the best-selling notebook in its class and it appeals to an incredibly wide range of users students rely on it to get them through college and pros use it to channel their creativity and produce awe-inspiring work users love it because it delivers powerful performance and has a gorgeous display all in a sleek and portable three-pound design and with m1 the 13-inch macbook pro becomes way more powerful and way more pro the eight core cpu delivers up to 2.8 times faster performance this is game changing for developers using xcode who can now build their apps nearly three times faster than before and for photographers using photoshop who can apply filters and effects to high-res photos faster than ever when it comes to graphics the 8 core gpu is up to a whopping 5 times faster so whether you're using shaper 3d to design a new product or constructing an immersive new world in cinema 4d the new macbook pro handles it all with ease and when compared to the best-selling windows laptop in its class it's up to three times faster in fact the new 13-inch macbook pro can do things that no other compact three pound pro notebook can do like playback 8k prores footage in full quality in davinci resolve without dropping a single frame and when it comes to machine learning performance is spectacular thanks to the neural engine ml is up to 11 times faster than the previous generation which means for on-device ml tasks that use the neural engine the 13-inch macbook pro is the world's fastest compact pro notebook the new macbook pro also features an active cooling system this allows it to sustain its remarkable pro performance when ripping through intensive tasks like video transcode and compressor and even with all this unbelievable compute power the battery life is simply amazing thanks to the efficiency of m1 running big sur the new macbook pro delivers up to an incredible 17 hours for wireless web browsing and up to 20 hours for video playback that's 10 more hours than before and that's the longest battery life ever in a mac and with this combination of performance and awesome battery life the productivity of our pro users goes through the roof for instance software developers can compile four times as much code on a single charge the new pro also has studio quality mics with an improved signal-to-noise ratio so whether you're on a facetime call or recording a vocal track audio will be super clean and it benefits from the m1's advanced camera isp so when users are connecting with co-workers on video calls they'll have sharper video with less grain and better contrast and detail in low-light conditions with big sur and the secure enclave you get best-in-class security features like activation lock which helps protect your mac if it's ever lost or stolen and finally with its two thunderbolt ports with usb force support the new pro connects to more peripherals than ever including the pro display xdr at full 6k resolution all these mind-blowing leaps in performance new features and amazing battery life still fit in the same incredibly portable three-pound design with big sur and the m1 chip at the heart of the 13-inch macbook pro it shatters the limits of what a compact pro notebook can do and with all this performance and new capabilities the new pro is still just 12.99 and just 11.99 for education an incredible value for both students and pros alike so that's the new macbook pro with m1 our most popular macbook pro gets a tremendous boost in cpu graphics and ml performance and along with its studio quality mics and improved camera performance it has the best battery life ever in a mac this is more than a massive upgrade the 13-inch macbook pro is the ultimate expression of what the m1 chip can do now back to john we couldn't be more thrilled about the new mac mini macbook air and macbook pro they're the first of a new generation of mac it's the same mac experience you know and love get faster and better in so many ways these systems offer up to three and a half times faster cpu performance and up to six times faster gpu performance which is the largest generational improvement we've ever had they bring many of the best features from ipad and iphone like instant weight long battery life incredible ml acceleration that's up to 15 times faster and industry-leading security to the mac and by building upon a common architecture these new macs can now tap into the world's largest and most vibrant software ecosystem we're also proud that these products have been carefully designed to support our net zero carbon goal the cleanest energy is the energy you never use and thanks to the efficiency of m1 energy consumption is reduced by up to 60 percent when these products are in active use so while there is always more to do we're thrilled with the progress we've made it is so exciting to be able to reinvent three of our most popular and affordable macs and to make things even more exciting you can order the new macbook air mac mini and macbook pro starting today and they will all be available next week and mac os big sur will be available this thursday these new systems with m1 join the rest of our mac product line including some phenomenal products that we've introduced over the last year this is by far the strongest mac lineup that we've ever had the transition to apple silicon is going to have a profound impact on the mac it will bring performance and capabilities that have never been possible before now this journey will take a couple of years to complete and we have a long way to go we're off to one heck of a start we are so proud of this new family of products and we can't wait to see what our users are going to do with them now i'd like to turn it back to tim but before i do here's a short film we made to celebrate these new macs i hope you enjoy [Music] the chime is back i love the sound this chip i see apple m1 it's the apple chip oh that's cool i mean i'm just going to get right into it it opens like that it's super responsive wow it's really fast it feels very playful quick quick quick it's got eight claws in it and this tiny thing not even warm it's probably cooler than my own hands [Applause] [Music] the battery is uh more time than i generally spend awake in a day no noise it's absolutely silent i can't hear anything what's really satisfying is when you're sitting with someone and they go like i want it to be like and you go like great and you can the faster you can make that happen for them like that to me is like like wizardry there is a magic that happens here [Applause] [Music] it's really about letting me create faster than my hand can move i'm doing this on a macbook air now which means it's more accessible i can get used to this [Music] whoa oh my god so fast that's crazy [Music] this truly is a huge day for the mac and a huge day for apple advancements of this magnitude only come from making bold changes the m1 chip is by far the most powerful chip that we have ever created it makes these macs dramatically faster provides all new capabilities with extraordinary battery life and enables the mac to run more software than ever this is exactly why we are transitioning the mac to apple silicon at apple our mission is to create products that play a meaningful role in people's lives 2020 has been a year unlike any other in so many ways we're inspired by the strength resilience and creativity we've seen displayed by people all around the world we're also extremely proud of our teams and the work they've done to deliver such incredible products during these challenging times we're looking forward to seeing what you will do with these products we're also looking forward to 2021 and bringing even more amazing experiences to you thank you for joining us stay safe stay well and have a great day [Music] [Music] stop hang on wait uh one more thing hi i'm fec is there time for questions good cause i have one why why why make all these advancements what's the point right oh you're so quiet now look i'm a machine i'm proud of it that's my fan longer battery life plug it in where are you going just plug it in fast i'm fast i'm still fast check it out still got it pc still got it i've always been there i always will be fast okay my battery's drained i got to go plug in good luck outlet you ♪ "The Darkness That You Fear"
by The Chemical Brothers ♪ ♪ Let your heart ♪ ♪ See the colors ♪ ♪ All around you ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you,
Yes, I will ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you,
Yes, I will ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you ♪ ♪ Let your heart ♪ ♪ See the colors ♪ ♪ All around you ♪ ♪ Let your heart ♪ ♪ See the colors ♪ ♪ Tim Cook: Hello,
and welcome back to Apple Park for our first event of 2021. After the challenges
of this past year, we're optimistic that brighter
days are just in front of us. As we move forward,
we feel it's important that Apple continues
to make a difference in people's lives, through our products
and our values. So we're glad
you could join us today for some exciting updates
and announcements. This week marks the annual
Earth Day celebration and I couldn't be more proud
of the environmental initiatives and commitments
we are making at Apple. Today, Apple is carbon neutral for our global
corporate operations, with all of our offices, stores,
and data centers running on
100 percent renewable energy. And by 2030, Apple will be
100 percent carbon neutral across our entire
end-to-end footprint, including our supply chain
and the use of our products. This month,
we launched the Restore Fund in partnership
with Conservation International, and Goldman Sachs. This pioneering new investment
fund will provide returns that are measured
not only financially, but by the tons
of atmospheric carbon removed by each investment. Our goal is to remove more than one million tons
of carbon every year. At Apple, our values and
principles make us who we are. They drive us to create products
and services that are better, easier, and more enjoyable. Now I'd like to turn
to some updates on our services, beginning with Apple Card. With Apple Card we set out to completely reinvent
the credit card and enable people to live
a healthier financial life. Our customers are loving
all the benefits of Apple Card and we believe
it's the most successful credit card launch ever. One of the things that became
apparent to us in the beginning was a lack of fairness in the way the industry
calculated credit scores. When there were two holders
of a credit card, one got the benefit of
building a good credit history and the other did not. We want to reinvent
the way this works too. So today,
we're happy to announce that Apple Card will allow
spouses and partners to share and merge their credit lines, have equal rights
on their account, and build credit equally. This solution helps
deliver financial equity, and it's a game changer. And Apple Card can now
be used by anyone in your family over the age of thirteen, with optional spending limits
and controls for kids. We call this set of features
Apple Card Family. These benefits reflect
our ongoing mission to reinvent the credit card and help you
and those closest to you experience a healthier
financial life. Now let's talk about
Apple Podcasts. As you know, Apple helped
launch the podcast industry 15 years ago. And this is what it looked like. The day we launched
Podcasts in iTunes, we had 3,000 shows
in the directory. Today, there are millions
to choose from, and Apple Podcasts
is the best place to listen to all your favorites. And we're making
the biggest change to Apple Podcasts
since its debut. This starts with
a newly designed Apple Podcasts app. Every show and episode
has a beautiful new page making it easy to follow,
listen, and share. We're also introducing Channels
to help you find new shows from your favorite creators. And you'll get recommendations
for new channels to explore. We're also introducing
Apple Podcasts Subscriptions, which enables you
to unlock new content as well as additional benefits,
like ad-free listening, early access, and much more. So now you can help
your favorite podcasters build their business
and fuel their creativity. Apple Podcasts Subscriptions
launches in 170 regions and countries next month. These major updates will make
listening to podcasts easier and more enjoyable
than ever before. Now let's turn to iPhone. iPhone 12 is the most popular
smartphone in the world, and people love
its amazing features: Super Retina XDR displays
with Ceramic Shield, incredible camera systems,
and 5G. And, of course,
they love the stunning design and selection
of beautiful colors. And we have
another beautiful color, perfect for spring. ♪ "The Candy Man"
by Aubrey Woods ♪ ♪ Who can take a sunrise ♪ ♪ Sprinkle it with dew ♪ ♪ Cover it in chocolate
And a miracle or two ♪ ♪ The Candy Man ♪ ♪ ♪ Because he mixes it
With love ♪ ♪ And makes the world
Taste good ♪ ♪ 'Cause the Candy Man thinks
It should ♪ We're so excited to introduce
a new, gorgeous purple. It looks stunning with
the precision-milled back glass and new design. It has elements of
sophistication and brightness with the color-matched
aluminum edges. It's absolutely beautiful. Purple joins
the iPhone 12 lineup for pre-order this Friday, and it will be available
on April 30th. One of the things that customers
love about the iPhone experience is Find My, and we have some exciting news
to share. Here's Carolyn to tell you more. ♪ "Every Color"
by Foster The People ♪ ♪ I can see ♪ ♪ I'm caught up
Drifting in your rainbow eyes ♪ [ECHOING] ♪ And I can see
Every color in me ♪ ♪ ♪ I can see every color in you ♪ Carolyn Wolfman-Estrada:
One of the most helpful features we pioneered is finding
your iPhone through Find My. Over time, we made Find My
even more powerful. Find My includes a vast
end-to-end encrypted and anonymous network approaching a billion
Apple devices, that can help locate
a missing iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad,
and Mac even when it's offline. We also opened
the Find My network so you can use Find My
to find third-party products. And this is just the beginning! Today we're adding
to this growing ecosystem with a new iPhone accessory that makes finding things
even easier. Keys. [CHIMING] [BEEPING] Okay. [MYSTERIOUS MUSIC] [CAT MEOWS, PURRS] [GRUNTS] Whoa! ♪ [CHIMING] ♪ [CRICKETS CHIRPING] ♪ Carolyn: This is AirTag! The next time
the couch eats your keys, AirTag will help find them. AirTag uses the Find My network so iPhone can help you
keep track of and find your things. You can personalize
your AirTag to make it your own, even with emoji. AirTag is easy to use by itself, or with beautiful accessories
we've designed. So you can attach it
to just about anything, like your backpack, luggage, or whatever else you have. You can keep track of your
AirTag right in the Find My app. Any iPhone with our U1 chip,
like iPhone 12, uses helpful overlays
to guide you directly to a lost item when it's nearby. We call this Precision Finding. As you move, Precision Finding uses
our U1 chip to get the precise distance
to your AirTag. iPhone fuses that data
with input from the camera, accelerometer, and gyroscope to give you visual, haptic,
and audible feedback, guiding you
right to your AirTag. [LOW TONE] [BRIGHT CHIME] At Apple, we believe
privacy is a human right, and that's why we designed it
into AirTag and the Find My network. With the Find My network
everyone can participate without sharing their location
to anyone, including Apple. AirTag is designed to
track items, not people. So we included safety features
to discourage unwanted tracking, like unwanted tag detection,
rotating identifiers, and audible alerts
from unknown tags. These capabilities are
an industry first and are driven by
our commitment to privacy. So that's AirTag. AirTag is just $29, and because you likely have
more than one important item in your life,
a 4-pack is just $99. Orders start this Friday, and AirTag will be available
April 30th. We also worked with Hermès on a special handcrafted
leather collection, a bag charm,
luggage tag, and key ring, each including an AirTag etched
with an Hermès signature. With AirTag
and the Find My network, iPhone can now help you
find even more things. And now, back to Tim. [UPBEAT MUSIC] ♪ [BUZZING] ♪ Tim: Now let's talk
about Apple TV and how we're making
the time we spend at home more entertaining
and more enjoyable. Apple TV brings you the
very best cinematic experience, giving you access to the world's
leading video services. This starts with Apple TV+ and its lineup
of critically acclaimed and award-winning
Apple Originals, including global hit drama
The Morning Show, Academy Award-nominated
Wolfwalkers, the Billie Eilish documentary, the Oprah Conversation, and, of course, the incredibly
popular comedy Ted Lasso. Ted Lasso
is one of my favorites, and I'm so excited
for the second season. So here's a sneak peek
at what's coming next. ♪ "We Will Rock You"
by Queen ♪ [WHISTLE BLOWS] ♪ [LIGHT KNOCKING] Howdy, y'all. -Ted!
-Ted! What do you say to a cocktail,
Coach Lasso? Oh, the same thing I'd say
to Diane Sawyer if she ever asked me out
on a date, "Yes, please." [LAUGHS] ♪ Live from the Dogtrack, it's Richmond
with eight straight ties. How many more matches
before you hit the panic button? There's two buttons
I never like hittin', that's panic and snooze. ♪ I don't care what our record is. It's all about believing that everything's gonna work out
in the end exactly as it's supposed to. Isn't the idea of
"never give up" one of the things
we always talk about in sports? And shouldn't that apply
to people too? It's a beautiful metaphor
for many of life's journeys. ♪ We will, we will ♪ The team's just
a little unlucky, that's all. ♪ Maybe we should bring in
a sports psychologist. Brought you a little
something-something for your first day of work here. ♪ I don't eat sugar. Really? I never met someone
that doesn't eat sugar. Only heard about them, and they all live
in this godless place called Santa Monica. ♪ Sing it ♪ ♪ We will, we will ♪ ♪ Rock you ♪ You got a fever for the flavor of a little girl talk,
don't you? This chap I've been seeing,
John. Stamos? No.
His name's John Wingsknight. Like at a sports bar? Like "Monday night's wings night
down at PJ Flats"? Would you please stop? Rule number one: even though
it's called girl talk, sometimes it needs to be
more like, "girl, listen." ♪ We will, we will ♪ ♪ Rock you ♪ ♪ We will, we will ♪ ♪ Rock you ♪ ♪ What is Ted doing? Probably homesick. Closest thing he can find
to a Dodge Ram. Whoo-hoo! ♪ Back home,
if a team was playing poorly, we don't call them unlucky. What do we call 'em, Coach? New York Jets. ♪ ♪ Tim: Ted Lasso returns
this July, and I can't wait. And of course,
the best way to enjoy it, and everything on Apple TV+, is with Apple TV 4K. To tell you more about
what's new with Apple TV 4K, here's Cindy. ♪ "Carrera"
by Brokenstra & YADAM ♪ ♪ Cindy Lin: What makes Apple TV
truly unique is its deep integration
of Apple hardware, software, and services. Apple TV is built on the same
world-class Apple silicon we put into iPhone. And it runs tvOS, the most powerful
TV operating system. Giving Apple TV all this power, power that smart TVs
just don't have, lets you magically transform
your living room, so you can get in
your morning workout with Apple Fitness+, show off your school project
using AirPlay, battle it out on Apple Arcade, and even sneak in
a late night movie with AirPods. The ability to do all
of these things and so much more is why we've put so much power
into Apple TV. And it's why I'm so excited
to share with you the next generation
of Apple TV 4K. Apple TV 4K is now built
with the A12 Bionic, bringing a new level
of performance that will be a massive upgrade
to your TV. Delivering the highest
visual quality possible has always been core
to Apple TV. It already supports
High Dynamic Range formats, such as Dolby Vision, revealing more realistic colors
and greater detail. And with the A12 Bionic, the new Apple TV 4K can now play
HDR in high frame rate. This allows video
to play more smoothly and appear more lifelike
than ever before, which will be great for
fast-moving action, like sports. We're working with leading
providers across the globe as they begin to stream
in high frame rate HDR. And it's not just
professionally-produced programs that will look amazing. For those of you
with an iPhone 12 Pro, you can already record
in Dolby Vision at 60 frames per second. And to enjoy all these moments
in the best quality on the new Apple TV 4K, we've enhanced AirPlay
to support high frame rate HDR. We want everything you watch
on Apple TV to look amazing, but because every TV's settings
are different, it's challenging to know if
you're getting the best picture, until now. With our new
Color Balance feature, Apple TV will
work with your iPhone and its advanced sensors to improve your TV's
picture quality. Your iPhone uses its camera
and proximity sensor to guide you
to an onscreen target. Color measurements
start automatically. Apple TV uses the light sensor
in your iPhone to compare your TV's
color balance to the industry-standard
specifications used by cinematographers
worldwide. Using this data, Apple TV will then
automatically tailor its video output to compensate
for any inaccuracies in your TV's picture settings. So you'll now see
much more accurate color without you ever having
to adjust your TV. The results can be dramatic, with more natural colors
and improved contrast making your TV look
better than ever. Of course, the way you interact
with Apple TV is with the Siri Remote. So this year,
we completely redesigned it with new functionality
and controls. It starts with a new
one-piece aluminum design that fits perfectly
in your hand, and with contrasting controls you can easily find and hit
just the button you want. We also have
a brand new clickpad, with five-way navigation
for better accuracy, and the entire clickpad
is touch enabled, preserving the fast
directional swipes users love. And we did something
pretty cool with the outer ring. We've given it
a new circular gesture that turns it
into a jog control. Perfect for finding just
the scene you're looking for. We've also made it
the only remote you need for your TV. It now has a Power button that controls your TV's power, and another for Mute. And we've moved
the Siri button to the side, just like on your iPhone. The enclosure is made from
100 percent recycled aluminum joining Apple TV 4K
and all of our products in furthering our commitment to reducing
our environmental impact. So that's the new Apple TV 4K. It'll be available
for $179 with 32GB, or $199 with double
the storage capacity, perfect for enjoying
even more apps and games. You can order on April 30th, and they'll be available
in the second half of May. With the power of A12 Bionic, the realism
of High Frame Rate HDR, and a totally redesigned
Siri Remote, the new Apple TV 4K
brings the absolute best entertainment experience
to your home. Back to Tim. ♪ "Carrera"
by Brokenstra & YADAM ♪ ♪ Tim:
Now let's talk about the Mac. There has never been
a more exciting time for the Mac. We recently announced
that we were embarking on a two-year transition
to Apple Silicon, and we're off to
an incredible start. The reception to the new
MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and Mac mini with M1
has been off the charts. Wired called M1
"a Mac revolution." M1 delivers
incredible performance, custom technologies, and revolutionary
power efficiency. With a giant leap
in performance per watt, every Mac with M1 is transformed into a completely
different class of product. This isn't just an upgrade. It's a breakthrough. Our customers agree, as Mac continues
to lead the industry in customer satisfaction. And our Mac business
has never been stronger. Our M1 products
have continued to fuel the Mac's incredible growth and now represent the majority
of our Mac sales. Today, M1's profound impact
on the Mac continues as we are about to take
another exciting step forward. To tell you more, here's John. ♪ "Carrera"
by Brokenstra & YADAM ♪ ♪ John Ternus: M1 has been
a gigantic leap forward for the Mac. It has redefined
the MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and Mac mini, shattering expectations
of what each of them can do. They've shown how M1
plus macOS Big Sur can bring
breakthrough performance and power efficiency to the Mac. Users have been
absolutely blown away by their responsiveness
and amazing battery life. And developers have been busy
delivering Universal versions of their apps. In fact, there are now thousands
of Universal apps available, that take full advantage
of M1 and Big Sur. Including, Photoshop, Twitter, Microsoft Office, Quicken, Slack, Affinity Publisher, Zappos, 1Password,
and DaVinci Resolve. And there are more arriving
every week. These Macs demonstrate how M1 can dramatically
move the Mac forward. But there's even more
that it can do. With its system-on-a-chip
architecture, M1 allows us to push the Mac far beyond
what was previously possible. And that's why we're here. Because today, we're thrilled
to introduce a Mac that has been built
from the ground up around M1. And here it is. [DRAMATIC TONES] [DRAMATIC NOTE ASCENDING] ♪ "Love Looks Better"
by Lizzo ♪ Lizzo: ♪ Color ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ If I try to tell you,
Then you try to hurt me ♪ Y'all don't hear me. ♪ Sick six piston ♪ ♪ Tiptoe kissin' ♪ ♪ Catcall kittens ♪ ♪ Whole milk lickin' ♪ ♪ See my vision ♪ ♪ Rainbow smitten ♪ ♪ Nobody safe, nobody ♪ ♪ You and you and you
Can be my lover ♪ ♪ 'Cause love looks better
In color ♪ ♪ Color me, color me,
Color me, color me ♪ ♪ ♪ Color me, color me,
Color me, color me ♪ Yeah. ♪ You can be my lover ♪ ♪ 'Cause love looks better
In color ♪ Colleen Novielli: The all-new,
completely redesigned iMac is more personal, more powerful, and more capable than ever. And it's incredible
from every angle. It's bursting with color from both the front
and the back, and it practically disappears
when you view it from the side. Let's take a look
at its revolutionary design. iMac's new form is stunning, with a spectrum
of vibrant colors, so you can choose the one that
fits your own, personal style. We wanted it to feel light
and optimistic, while instantly brightening up
any space. From the front,
iMac is clean and simple with a single sheet of glass
covering the entire surface. The softer colors
and light gray borders ground the iMac
in your environment and allow you to focus
on your content. In contrast
to the more neutral front, the back is designed
to really celebrate color, with bold,
richly saturated shades. In many places,
the back of iMac is the first thing you'll see, so we created colors
that would bring a sense of joy to any space. Next, let's check out
the striking side profile, where you really see
the profound impact of M1. With every generation,
iMac has moved closer to our vision:
to make the computer disappear. And while we've had the same
great design for several years, we haven't had the technology
to take the next big step. Until now, because M1 has enabled us to get closer to that vision
than ever before. For comparison,
let's take a look at the previous iMac. The logic board and thermals
were huge because of
the power-hungry processor. And the CPU, GPU,
and other components were all separate chips
in the system. Now, with the system-on-a-chip
architecture of M1, these are all consolidated into
this much smaller logic board. And because M1 is
far more power efficient, the bulky thermal system is
replaced by just two small fans. This keeps the system cool, while running
exceptionally quiet. In fact, for typical use,
iMac stays under 10 decibels, which is barely audible
to the human ear. Together,
these new components help reduce iMac's overall
volume by over 50 percent. The result is a design
that's much more compact and just 11.5 millimeters thin. And with
an even smaller footprint, it fits easily
into many more spaces. Next, iMac has always been
about its best-in-class display. So on the new iMac we made the display
an expansive 24 inches. By narrowing the borders, we fit
the significantly bigger display in a design
that's only slightly larger than the 21.5-inch iMac. And it has nearly
11.3 million pixels in its 4.5K Retina display. So you can see your content
in all its glorious detail. And with a P3 wide gamut
and over a billion colors, plus 500 nits of brightness, every image is brilliant
and vivid. It also has True Tone, which automatically adjusts
the color temperature as your environment changes, for a more natural
viewing experience. And it has a coating
with industry-leading low reflectivity
for greater comfort and readability. iMac's new design, with its immersive display,
is awesome. And we're just getting started. We also pushed
every other aspect of the experience forward. First, we've taken iMac's
camera, mics, and speakers to a whole new level. And to tell you more,
here's Navpreet. [UPBEAT MUSIC] Navpreet Kaloty:
We've all been spending more and more time
on video calls. So with the new iMac it was important to us to enhance the core technologies that keep us connected. Let's start with the camera. iMac now has a 1080p
FaceTime HD Camera which doubles the resolution,
for much higher quality video. And with and larger sensor, the camera performs great
in low light. The camera is paired with M1, which has Apple's latest
image signal processor, or ISP. This works to further enhance
the image quality with computational video. Let's take a look
at the processing pipeline. As you use the camera,
the ISP goes through a series of steps to analyze
and enhance each pixel, at over a trillion operations
per second. For example,
it works with M1's Neural Engine to make
more intelligent exposure and white balance adjustments, so your lighting
is always just right. It utilizes advanced
noise reduction algorithms to bring a new level of clarity
to your video. And it uses tone mapping to deliver
enhanced dynamic range, bringing more detail
to bright highlights and dark shadows. This camera will make you look
like a rock star. In fact, it's the best camera
we've ever put in a Mac. And to complement the camera, we gave iMac a studio-quality,
three-mic array. The mics are engineered
to reduce feedback from the rest of the system, so conversations flow
more naturally, and you'll interrupt
each other less. And beamforming
allows these mics to better ignore
background noise and focus on your voice, which means you'll come through
loud and clear on video calls, or when recording
an audio track. This is also the best mic system
ever in a Mac. Now, with this amazing camera
and mic array, you know we leveled up
the speakers too. To create big,
room-filling sound, speakers need to displace
a lot of air. In order to do this,
we increased the power driving the iMac's sound system. Now, while iMac needed
to have big sound, it also had to deliver
accurate sound. So we gave it two pairs
of force-cancelling woofers that produce
an incredible bass response while reducing
unintended vibrations from that increased power. And we balanced each set
with a high-performance tweeter. The result
is a six-speaker system that produces
a massive soundstage with strong, articulate bass and crystal-clear mids
and highs. All of these
speaker innovations, coupled with
advanced algorithms, enable iMac to support
spatial audio when playing video
with Dolby Atmos. On the beautiful
4.5K Retina display, it's an outstanding
movie-watching experience. With its dramatic improvements
in balance, vocal clarity, and instrument separation, iMac delivers
a remarkably robust and high-quality
audio experience. Simply put,
it's the best sound system ever in a Mac, and we can't wait
for you to hear it. Back to you, Colleen. Colleen: With these camera
and audio features, and its stunning display, iMac delivers an entirely
new level of capability. Now add in the power
and performance of M1 and macOS Big Sur, this experience
is simply unrivaled. You can feel the difference
immediately, as iMac wakes almost instantly, and your apps launch
with blazing speed. Everything you do
on macOS Big Sur is extremely responsive, and the apps you use every day
are fast and fluid. Like in Safari,
you can browse even faster and run hundreds
of tabs at once. In Photos,
you can fly through edits to your iPhone images. And in Apple Arcade, gaming on iMac
is better than ever, with awesome
and exclusive games, like Warp Drive. M1 delivers
so much great performance, you can even keep playing while simultaneously taking
your next Zoom call. And with powerful creative apps
optimized for M1, it's easier than ever
to explore your passion, or find a new one. When it comes
to CPU performance in apps like Xcode, Lightroom,
and iMovie, iMac is up to 85 percent faster than the previous
21.5-inch iMac models. So you can compile
new apps in Xcode in a fraction of the time, easily work with massive
100-megapixel photos in Lightroom,
and export your favorite video projects
in iMovie faster than ever. And when it comes to
GPU performance, for certain apps like
Affinity Photo and Photoshop, iMac is up to two times faster
than the previous models. And it's even
up to 50 percent faster than the most powerful
discrete graphics in the fastest 21.5-inch iMac. So you can render edits to your next brilliant
composition in real-time with Affinity Photo, or quickly transform a picture
into an oil painting with Photoshop. And in Final Cut Pro, you can edit up to five streams
of 4K footage, or one stream of 8K footage, without dropping a frame. And machine learning
is now up to three times faster, in apps that leverage
M1's 16-core Neural Engine. So apps like Vectornator, which can swiftly turn a photo
into vector layers, get even faster on iMac. And because iMac has
the same chip architecture as iPhone and iPad, you can run iPhone and iPad apps like Headspace and Zillow, right on your iMac,
without breaking your workflow. Or you can enjoy games, like Sky: Children of the Light, while you spread out on iMac and use your keyboard
as a game controller. And with iCloud and Continuity, it's easier than ever
to use iMac and iPhone together. Your calls and texts
come right to iMac so no need to switch devices
when you're in the zone. And that email
you started on iPhone? You can use Hand Off
to finish it on iMac. And you can even copy text
and images on iPhone and then paste them
right into a document on iMac, with the magic
of Universal Clipboard. And all your content
is always available and up to date
across all your Apple devices. You're going to love
the combination of M1 and macOS
on the new iMac. It's the ultimate
Big Sur experience. And we're not done yet. iMac has state-of-the-art
connectivity for all your data and devices. It has up to four USB-C ports including two Thunderbolt ports for super fast data transfer, and support
for up to a 6K display, like the Pro Display XDR. And we created
a new power connector that attaches magnetically so it's quick and easy
to connect. It has a 2-meter,
color-matched woven cable that leads to
a small power adapter, which can be placed on the floor
behind your desk. And for Ethernet,
check out this cool innovation. It connects to the adapter and runs through
the power cable, to keep your desktop
less cluttered. Now let's take a closer look
at iMac's new keyboard, mouse, and trackpad options. You can choose
from three types of keyboards with gorgeous
aluminum enclosures color-matched to iMac. First, there's a Magic Keyboard
with new Emoji, Spotlight, Dictation, and Do Not Disturb keys, and a Lock key,
to instantly lock iMac. Next, there's a Magic Keyboard
with an exciting new feature: Touch ID,
which comes to the Mac desktop for the first time. Wireless fingerprint
data transmission is made possible
by a secure processor in the keyboard. It communicates directly
with the Secure Enclave in M1, creating an encrypted channel
to protect your fingerprint data from end to end. So whether you're making
a purchase with Apple Pay or unlocking your iMac,
it's fast, easy, and secure. And Touch ID also works
with Fast User Switching so you can change
to a different user profile with just the touch of a finger. And there's a Magic Keyboard
with Touch ID and a numeric keypad, too. Magic Mouse,
loved by iMac users, now features
color-matched aluminum. And Magic Trackpad, still by far
the industry's best, has a refined shape
to match the new keyboard. These new accessories
complete the system and bring even more capability
to iMac. With a colorful,
cutting-edge design, best-in-class features, the power of M1,
and macOS Big Sur, the new iMac can do it all, dynamically transforming
any space into whatever you need it to be. Let's take a look
at the many ways iMac can fit into your life. Say "Hello" to the new iMac. You've never seen a computer
like this before. Yeah, it's really that thin. But it's not magic. It's the M1 chip,
which is kind of magic. And it makes the new iMac fast. Like your apps open
instantly fast. Like check that text
while you clean your inbox while you share that photo
while you stream that show fast. That's fast. It has a 4.5K Retina display for colors that pop
off the screen. A 1080p camera, so you'll look right
in any light. And whether you're talking
to one person, or 100, the mics always focus
on your voice. So they hear you,
not what's around you. ♪ Six speakers and Dolby Atmos means everything you do
sounds great. Matching keyboard and mouse, and wireless Touch ID. Boom, boom, boom. [IPHONE CHIMES] And what happens on your iPhone also happens on your iMac. That's definitely magic. This is the new iMac. Oh, wait, I forgot! It comes in seven colors. Colleen: With iMac,
the possibilities are endless. And like all of our products, iMac has been built to minimize
its impact on the environment. 100 percent of the virgin
wood fiber in iMac's packaging comes from
responsibly managed forests. And iMac has 100 percent
recycled rare earth magnets in the speakers, fan motor,
and power connector. And of course, iMac meets
Apple's high standards for environmental
responsibility in materials, renewable energy,
and energy efficiency. So that's the new iMac. With its extraordinary design, powerful performance,
and incredible features, it starts at just $1299
in four colors. And at $1499,
iMac comes in seven colors with these additional features. You can order the new iMac
starting April 30th. And it will be available
in the second half of May. The new iMac
is the first Mac completely redesigned around
the revolutionary M1 chip. With a 24-inch,
4.5K Retina display, the best camera, mics,
and speakers ever in a Mac, macOS Big Sur, and Touch ID, iMac is the most personal,
powerful, capable, and simply the most fun
it's ever been. We can't wait to see
what you do on iMac. And now back to John. John:
The new iMac joins MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and Mac mini in our incredible family
of M1 Macs. And with the new iMac, the strongest lineup of Macs
we've ever had gets even better. The new iMac
is another huge step forward in our transition
to Apple Silicon, and it brings
the amazing M1 experience to even more Mac users. But it's not just Mac users who
want to get their hands on it. [EXCITING MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Raja Bose: That's right, the M1 chip
is not just in the Mac, it's now in iPad Pro. And it's gonna blow you away. iPad Pro has always used
turbo-charged versions of our A-series chips
to deliver a powerful and responsive experience that's years ahead
of anything else. M1 continues that momentum by taking it
to an entirely new level, with a big jump in performance
to run powerful apps and drive a high-performance
ecosystem. For M1 to fit into
its incredibly thin and light design
requires power efficiency that's way beyond
just being better. It has to be amazing, and M1 delivers. And because M1 shares the same fundamental
architecture of A-Series chips, iPadOS is already built
to take full advantage of its powerful technology. The next-level performance
that M1 unlocks on iPad Pro starts with its powerful CPU. Built around the world's fastest
CPU core in low power silicon, the 8-core design of M1 delivers
a whopping 50 percent jump over the industry-leading
performance of the previous iPad Pro. What's amazing is that compared
to the first generation iPad, this iPad Pro now delivers up to 75 times faster
CPU performance. It's no wonder apps
are pushing the limits of what's possible on iPad. From blazing performance
for vector and raster tools in Affinity Designer, to rendering the most detailed
designs with Shapr3D, to adding complex effects
to 4K videos in LumaFusion. iPad's expansive display
comes bursting to life with M1's amazing graphics
performance. The 8-core GPU
is in a class of its own delivering up to 40 percent
faster graphics performance. Again, compared to
the first generation iPad-- get ready for this-- the graphics
of this new iPad Pro is now over 1,500 times faster. That's just ridiculous. So painting with watercolors
and oils in Adobe Fresco look and feel
like the real thing. And you can bring
the most intricate AR models into the real world
with JigSpace. You can also play
the latest games with console-quality graphics
at super high frame rates. This raw performance, along with
the ProMotion display, four speakers, and now, support
for the latest PlayStation or Xbox game controllers,
with haptics, makes playing games
on iPad Pro insanely fun. With this combination of CPU
and graphics performance, the new iPad Pro is, yet again, the fastest device of its kind. It's not even close. But it's bigger than that, because powerful,
custom technologies like our latest 16-core
Apple Neural Engine, advanced Image Signal Processor, and unified, high bandwidth
memory architecture make iPad Pro
more capable than ever. And the industry leading
power efficiency of M1 enables all of that
amazing performance along with all-day battery life in the incredibly thin
and light design of iPad Pro. The new iPad Pro
also allows users to access their content
faster than ever with up to two times
faster storage. And,
for our most demanding users, a new 2TB configuration gives you enormous
storage capacity, so you can keep
up to 60,000 ProRAW photos at your fingertips, or up to 220 hours
of 4K HDR video content with you wherever you go. M1 brings
much faster connectivity to iPad Pro as well. The USB-C port already supports
super fast data transfers. And now we're adding Thunderbolt with USB 4 support as well. Making it the fastest,
most versatile port ever on an iPad, or any other device of its kind. Not only is there four times
more bandwidth for wired connections, up to 40 gigabits per second, Thunderbolt also opens up
a massive ecosystem of high performance accessories like super fast storage, external displays,
like the Pro Display XDR, now at its full 6K resolution, and all connected
using high-performance cables and docks. iPad Pro now fits perfectly
into so many more workflows. Now on a mobile device
like iPad Pro, ultrafast wireless connections
are absolutely critical. And that's why
we've added 5G to iPad Pro. Accessing files, collaborating with colleagues, and backing up data
are fundamental when you're on the go. [UPBEAT MUSIC] This is huge! Super fast 5G
cellular connections lets users be creative
and productive wherever they are. Download speeds can be as high
as 3.5 gigabits per second in ideal conditions. Of course, 5G speeds will vary
by carrier and region. In the US, iPad Pro also
supports millimeter wave, the high frequency version
of 5G. And with this model,
iPad Pro can reach up to 4 gigabits per second
peak download speeds in ideal conditions. So no matter where
your work takes you, you can live-stream
from wherever you are. This is Ashwaria,
reporting from San Francisco. First off, I want to
congratulate everybody... Raja: And you never
have to miss a meeting on your way to work. I was on mute. Sorry.
Uh, I wanna congratulate... Raja: The blazing speeds of 5G allow you
to do just about anything, just about anywhere. And there's more. iPad's versatility
is further enhanced by its Pro Cameras. And to tell you more,
here's Fiona. [DRAMATIC TONE] Fiona O'Leary: Customers love
taking stunning photos and videos on their iPad. And with powerful apps, these advanced cameras
enable so much more, like video capture
for mobile journalists and content creators, especially with the built-in
studio quality mics on iPad Pro. And with the LiDAR Scanner, they pave the way
to completely new workflows like motion-tracking
with CamTrackAR. Super accurate depth data makes going from green screen
to pre-visualization on location easier than ever. And you can build
that final render with greater confidence. Or how designers and architects
visualize their projects with Arki,
on-site, at full scale, complete with people occlusion, realistic shadows,
and real-time lighting. Or to simply bring
your imagination to life. Check out
this new version of Clips, which uses the LiDAR Scanner to transform your living room into a magical space
for your next video. How fun is that? And with the more powerful ISP
in M1, we get Smart HDR 3, where the ISP and
the Neural Engine work together to adjust color, contrast,
and noise in distinct parts of a photo. And in low light conditions, the ISP and LiDAR Scanner quickly and accurately
focus images and videos to capture incredible details
from almost no light at all. On the front,
the TrueDepth camera instantly and securely unlocks
iPad with Face ID, and takes portrait selfies, which look amazing
on that large display. And now, more than ever,
it plays an important role when collaborating
with co-workers, and connecting with
family and friends. So in the new iPad Pro, we're going to take
a huge step forward by updating the TrueDepth
camera system to include an all-new,
Ultra Wide camera, designed specifically for iPad. It features
a new 12-megapixel sensor with a 122 degree field of view, which enables
something really cool. And we call it Center Stage! Center Stage uses
the new Ultra Wide camera and machine learning
to recognize and keep you
in the center of the view. What's amazing is,
as you move around, it automatically pans
to keep you in the shot. And that's not all. When others join in,
it recognizes them too and zooms out
to fit everyone into the view. So whether
it's a white boarding session with co-workers
or a family get together, the experience of connecting
is now more engaging than ever. So that's the new Ultra Wide
camera with Center Stage. Video calls
never looked so good. Now, back to Raja. Raja:
iPad is a magical sheet of glass that can become anything
you want it to be. And the centerpiece of
that experience on iPad Pro, is its stunning
Liquid Retina display, which features a long list of
advanced display technologies, many that we've pioneered
on iPad. We introduced it as the world's
most advanced mobile display. The Liquid Retina display
delivers nearly 4 million pixels on the 11-inch iPad Pro. Users love being able to take the most powerful iPad
experience with them everywhere in a portable one-pound design. On the immersive
12.9-inch iPad Pro, it delivers an enormous
5.6 million pixels. This is for those
who want the biggest window for their creative workflows. And we have
some exciting news here. We know our users are
increasingly creating content with the high brightness
and high contrast ratio of HDR. So we first equipped
creative users with the Pro Display XDR
to view and edit their content. This amazing display delivers extremely high
brightness and an extremely high
contrast ratio. And now we're gonna take
the next big step. We're bringing the stunning
front-of-screen performance of our Pro Display XDR
to our 12.9-inch iPad Pro, so our users can take their
XDR workflow wherever they go. This is the new
Liquid Retina XDR display. And it delivers 1000 nits
of full-screen brightness, a breathtaking
1,600 nits of peak brightness, and a phenomenal
1,000,000:1 contrast ratio, just like Pro Display XDR. Now, due to the ultra-thin
design of iPad Pro, compared to the Pro Display XDR, we had to take an entirely new
approach to make this happen. So to tell you all about it,
here's Heidi. Heidi Delgado:
Extreme Dynamic Range is all about delivering
a visual experience that reflects what we see
in the real world. This means seeing
the brightest highlights, along with subtle details in
the darkest parts of an image. Bringing the XDR experience
to iPad Pro was an enormous challenge. We had to rethink
how the display creates light. So we went back
to the drawing board. To achieve
way higher brightness, we used an array of LEDs across the entire back
of the display, similar to the Pro Display XDR. And to fit within
the ultra-thin iPad Pro design, these LEDs need to be
incredibly small. So we developed a Mini-LED, which is over 120 times smaller
in volume than the previous design. And because these Mini-LEDs
are so small, achieving
extremely high brightness requires lots of them. And I mean thousands of them. In fact,
there are over 10,000 LEDs that deliver
XDR-level brightness on that stunning
12.9-inch display. That's a massive increase over the 72 LEDs that were in
the previous iPad Pro. We then grouped
these Mini-LEDs into over 2,500
local dimming zones. So depending on the content, we can precisely adjust
the brightness in each zone. The result is an extremely high one million to one
contrast ratio. The light is then shaped
by a series of incredibly thin, custom-designed,
optical films and diffusers. And that's why this display
can fit into a design that's just
6.4 millimeters thin, weighs just 1.5 pounds, and still delivers
all-day battery life. So HDR content with the finest
specular highlights, like galaxies and star fields, is more true-to-life than ever. We're thrilled to deliver
the XDR experience on the new iPad Pro. Back to Raja. Raja:
There's never been a display that delivers
this kind of visual experience on any other mobile device. So users can now do things
they could never do before. Videographers have
a large XDR display they can take with them
everywhere and edit true-to-life
HDR content using LumaFusion. Photographers
can see even more detail when editing their images
right on iPad using Lightroom. And filmmakers can more
confidently review and approve HDR content
with Frame.IO, previewing it
as it's meant to be seen from anywhere on the set. And everyone can enjoy
a mobile, cinematic viewing and listening experience, with support for
HDR video formats like HDR10, HLG, and Dolby Vision. And the advanced sound system
supports Dolby Atmos as well. So this is our new 12.9-inch
Liquid Retina XDR display. With this amazing set
of features, it goes beyond
any display in the world. And we couldn't wait
to put the new iPad Pro, with all of its advanced
new technologies, in the hands of our developers. Check out what happened
when we did. [UPBEAT MUSIC] ♪ All right. -I'm Nitasha.
-Sahar. -Josh.
-Shannon Bolick. -David William Hearn.
-Professional astro-geek. I'm Terri Morgan,
and I'm from LumaFusion. -SwingVision.
-Procreate. FiLMiC Pro. All right, Ziggy,
you ready for your big shot? Divinity: Original Sin 2. -iPad.
-iPad. iPad Pro. And now
the iPad Pro has the M1. -How can I put this?
-[bleep] awesome. [LAUGHTER] The head exploding emoji. [MIMICKING EXPLOSIONS] Eureka! When I think of M1 on the iPad, there are truly no limits
to what's possible creatively. The power that's there... It's a monster. We can do more. We can make bigger canvases and we can do way more
with our brushes. Art has left the glass and it's now
in a totally different realm. Processing power is insane. Audio transcription lets you
put the iPad Pro on your piano and just start playing. And that'll transcribe into
notation what you just played. Pretty wild. With M1, the iPad Pro can now be your tennis coach
and your line judge. Shannon: It can look 100 feet
across the court and determine
if a ball is in or out. -Siri: In.
-For the first time, the iPad Pro allows us to take the world's densest
open world RPG and put it on a device that can
really be played anywhere. We never had that before. The display is everything. It just says "yes." Yes, you can see
the full spectrum of color. All of that is huge to us. It kind of showcases
a new level of detail with 3D that you couldn't
quite see before. It's just such a beautiful,
big window to be able to hold up and zoom
in and see whatever you want. Like you're controlling the
Hubble Space Telescope yourself. The biggest deal is really fast
direct import with Thunderbolt. I can get my large images in Photoshop on the iPad
faster than ever. And once they're in there, I can just edit in real time. We're able to do things
on this new iPad Pro that we've never been able
to do before. To know that it's all there, and just something that
you're holding in your hands... Fun. How can you not be just overwhelmingly excited
about that? We are so, so, so excited. This is gonna be a big deal. You nailed it. Good job. ♪ Raja: We're always amazed
by the new capabilities our developers put
in the hands of our users. Of course,
you can't talk about iPad Pro and not talk about
the phenomenal accessories that make it even more versatile
and capable. Apple Pencil transforms iPad Pro
into an immersive drawing canvas and the world's best
note taking device by far. And Scribble, now with support
for five additional languages, allows you to write
in any text field, so you never have to put
Apple Pencil away. And iPad Pro supports the thin
and light Smart Keyboard Folio, and the Magic Keyboard,
with its backlit keys, integrated trackpad,
and floating design. Not only is it
a great typing experience, it's now also available
in a gorgeous new white color. Finally, iPad Pro
has been carefully designed to minimize its impact
on the environment, and support our overall
net zero carbon goal. It uses 100 percent
recycled aluminum for the entire enclosure. And 100 percent recycled rare
earth elements in the magnets of the speakers and enclosure. iPad Pro is also free of a long list
of harmful substances. Our work here
is never finished, but we're proud of the progress
we've made. Even with M1, and the other incredible
new technologies, the 11-inch iPad Pro
still starts at just $799. And the 12.9-inch model adds the stunning
Liquid Retina XDR display, for just $1099. An incredible value
for such an incredible device. You can order iPad Pro
starting April 30th, and it'll be available
in the second half of May. We're so excited about
the new iPad Pro. Check this out. T-minus 15 seconds. Guidance is internal. [MECHANICAL WHIRRING] [DRAMATIC MUSIC] Five, four, three, two, one. ♪ [EXCITING MUSIC] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Raja: This is the new 11-inch
and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. Both feature
the breakthrough M1 chip, making each
the fastest device of its kind. Thunderbolt for connection
to high performance accessories. The Ultra Wide front camera
with Center Stage. And 5G on cellular models, for the fastest
cellular connections possible. And in addition to all of that, the 12.9-inch model features the stunning
Liquid Retina XDR display, with 1,600 nits
of peak brightness and 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio, this is a display
you have to see to believe. This is the most
outrageously capable and versatile iPad Pro
we've ever made. Back to John. John: In every way, this is
a giant leap forward for iPad. The new iPad Pro joins the rest
of our incredible lineup, and pushes the iPad experience
even further. iPad Pro and iMac
have always delivered a best-in-class user experience. And M1 takes both
to the next level with its profound impact
on their design and capability. Now back to Tim. ♪ "Every Color"
by Foster The People ♪ ♪ ♪ And I can feel every color
In me ♪ Tim: What a great day
of announcements. We continue our reinvention
of the credit card with Apple Card Family, as well as a major redesign
of Apple Podcasts. We announced an all-new
beautiful purple finish for iPhone 12
and iPhone 12 mini. The new AirTag, to help you find the important things
in your life. The new Apple TV 4K and redesigned Siri Remote bring the absolute best
entertainment experience to your home. The incredible new iMac that completely reinvents one of the world's
most iconic computers. And the new iPad Pro
with the M1 chip, which is an absolute powerhouse. At Apple,
we continue to be committed to making an impact
in people's lives, and we can't wait
to get these new products into your hands and see all of the amazing
things you'll do with them. Thank you
for being with us today. We look forward
to seeing you again soon. Have a great day! ♪ "The Darkness That You Fear"
by The Chemical Brothers ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you,
Yes, I will ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you,
Yes, I will ♪ ♪ I'll be loving you ♪ ♪ Let you heart
See the colors ♪ ♪ Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event for me the dub dub is the super bowl you can feel the energy it's like really deep insights about what it feels like the being a developer really wow okay we open on black the cotton slowly opens have a delorean at the stage team cook get out of that delorean showing the phone with a flex capacitor i would probably not start there i think it's kind of geeky are we gonna go again so we open on black does it have to be black doesn't have to be black it could be yellow now my mind goes into like a cartoon imagine someone on their computer you know they have an idea and like they push like enter or some red button and it goes out to the world and then all of a sudden there's like millions of people around the globe that get to experience the thing that you've made are you actually able to do all this um [Music] maybe the title of the film should be our journey into tomorrow i see a little girl in an endless white room she meets craig federighi hi but we don't see him we just hear his voice now she's older and dressed for work there has to be action at this point or like some sort of drama she goes to work and discovers something catastrophic someone says we have a bug so she comes in and pounds on the keyboard and the bug is fixed yeah it's like a musical musical yeah the bug but a musical [Music] we fixed the bug we crushed the ball we squished the bug [Music] wait a minute why not make arena rock of dub dub [Music] there wouldn't be any pyro usually but i think why not pyro is fun do you think it would work you won't know if you don't try [Music] good morning and welcome to wwdc it's wonderful to see so many familiar faces with us today we're excited to share our latest technologies with you and with the incredible community of millions of apple developers around the world your creativity and groundbreaking apps continue to deliver new and meaningful ways to enrich people's lives we applaud the extraordinary work you've been able to do throughout this challenging time last year's wwdc was our most inclusive and most watched developer conference ever with nearly 25 million viewers it was exciting to have so many people join us and to see the impact it had on new apple developers as we broadened our audience welcoming more people from more places around the world we've continued to look for ways to help cultivate the next generation of developers with an emphasis on those underrepresented in technology we host entrepreneur camps for black and female developers to foster the talents of future industry leaders our developer academies including the newest in detroit prepare the coders of tomorrow with valuable tools and training and learn to code offers an amazing curriculum for people to develop new skills and learn swift we are committed to being a force for change as we seek to make the world a better place full of opportunity for all of us this year we're bringing you another online experience featuring over 200 in-depth sessions one-to-one labs with apple engineers and so much more we'll provide the tools you need to continue creating the world's most innovative apps apps that inspire us in new ways every day and just like last year's wwdc this entire conference will be made available for free we've got a lot of exciting news and breakthrough innovations to share with you today so let's get started by turning it over to craig to tell us what's new in ios thanks tim all right let's dive right in for many of us our iphone has become indispensable and at the heart of iphone is ios ios powers experiences we've come to rely on and this year we were inspired to create even more meaningful ways iphone could help you our new release is ios 15. it's packed with features that make the ios experience adapt to and complement the way you use iphone whether it's staying connected with those who matter to you most finding the space to focus without distraction using intelligence to discover the information you need or exploring the world around you let's start off with features that will let you stay connected in brand new ways in a year when figuring out how to get face to face has felt more essential than ever we've all found ourselves using video calling for just about everything and when it comes to making calls that are easy spontaneous and connect us with the people who matter most face time is a standout with its incredibly intuitive design and end-to-end encryption since day one facetime is how we catch up with friends around the world and how we stay close to family members when we're apart enjoying these deeply personal moments over video can bring so much joy but it also has its challenges when talking in person our brains process hundreds of social auditory and visual cues when talking on a video call many of those signals can get lost leaving us feeling drained so this year we've set out to make facetime calls feel more natural comfortable and lifelike first is a feature that makes facetime calls sound like you're sitting in the very same room we're bringing spatial audio to facetime creating a sound field that helps conversations flow as easily as they do face to face now your friends voices are spread out to sound like they're coming from the direction in which their position on the video call making your calls more comfortable and more natural next let's talk about two powerful new options for your microphone the first is voice isolation when you're on a facetime call your mic is picking up a cacophony of sound so in voice isolation machine learning distinguishes these sounds blocks out the ambient noise and prioritizes your voice so that it comes through crystal clear check it out i wish i could be there me too let me fix this better right yeah she wanted for her birthday sometimes though we want every bit of sound to come through and that's when you switch to wide spectrum in wide spectrum your mic picks up an entire symphony's worth of sound your voice and everything around you next let's turn to video when you want to see every face in the room you can now turn on grid view giving you another way to view your group facetime calls here you see people in the same size tiles and you'll be able to clearly identify who's speaking while seeing everyone else's reactions and to make your facetime video capture more beautiful than ever we're introducing portrait mode where we've taken inspiration from iphone stunning portrait photos in facetime portrait mode blurs the background and naturally puts the focus on you next to help you schedule your facetime calls we've created facetime links now you can generate a link for a facetime call and share it anywhere it's a terrific way to plan ahead for a call you can send the facetime link in places like messages email whatsapp or jump into calendar and make an event for your facetime call so everyone will know exactly where to meet and when and it's not just apple devices that can use a facetime link to join your call your friends with android and windows devices can use your facetime link to join the call right from their browser and even on the web facetime calls are still end and encrypted so your privacy is never compromised some of our favorite ways to connect involve more than just talking like getting together for a weekly movie night or listening to an album with friend brings back amazing memories we love enjoying shared experiences and so we built share play share play is a powerful new set of features for shared experiences that you can enjoy when you're on a facetime call with share play you can bring music into your call for a shared listening experience unlike any other watch movies and tv shows while having rich real time connection with your friends and share your screen giving you limitless possibilities for bringing apps right into your facetime calls let me show you how this works starting with listening together say you're hanging out on a facetime talking about a new album that came out over the weekend with share play you can bring that album right into the conversation when you're on a call all you need to do is press play in apple music and you can choose to listen together and like magic high quality music playback will start in sync for everyone on the call and you're still connected with facetime while listening everyone on the call can add songs to a shared queue and shared playback controls let anyone press play pause or jump to the next track now let's check out what it's like to watch together when you're on a facetime call jump to a streaming app and press play and boom you and your friends are watching the same video totally in sync shareplay is unlike any other shared content experience out there because it moves fluidly throughout the whole system maybe you want to order takeout while you watch picture in picture lets you see your friends and the video you're enjoying together and controls are always accessible with just a tab if the group wants to stay connected with no interruptions to the video sound you can jump into messages and keep the conversation going there and when the moment calls for a bigger screen you can extend the video to your apple tv and watch it there while sharing the moment with your friends over face time on your iphone even when you're using share play across multiple devices everyone will remain in sync we wanted to make sure you have a ton of incredible experiences to share in facetime so in addition to apple music and the tv app shareplay is designed to work with your other favorite apps and streaming services with an api built for easy adoption developers can bring their own apps right into facetime and today we're so pleased to announce that we're already working with some incredible partners watch blockbuster movies with your friends on disney plus and hit tv shows on hulu catch originals from hbo max and see your friends react live to a buzzer beater in the nba app or a speed run on twitch jump on tick tock to watch the funniest videos of the week learn a new skill with a friend on masterclass and so much more finally check out screen sharing you can use it to browse zillow listings live with your future roommates or show off a tricky move in your favorite game screen sharing is also a simple and super effective way to help someone out and answer questions right in the moment and it works across apple devices so that's share play a whole new way in facetime to connect and share experiences with the people you love next when it comes to staying connected throughout the day our go-to is messages and these days so many of our conversations are inspired through sharing articles photos and more so this year we're introducing great new ways to enjoy all of this amazing shared content and the exchanges that follow here's mindy to show you how it all works thanks craig i'm so excited to show you what's new in messages let's check out my family's conversation everyone's sending me pictures from our fun trip down to joshua tree look at this brand new collage design in this cool stack with even more photos from taylor i can quickly swipe through them tap to view the full bunch and even add a quick tap back now let's see what's going on with my friends they're always sending me all kinds of things like this fun playlist from leah and this mission critical article from casey about what type of pizza is best the thing is the time when i receive this great content is often different than when i'm ready to enjoy it for example i'm not going to read this right now but i'd love to the next time i catch up on the news let me show you something we designed just for that called shared with you so now if i head over to the news app there's a new shared with you section that conveniently surfaces that pizza article and a few from my other friends now that i'm ready to learn more i can take a look and check this out up top it shows me who it's from and i can tap from casey to pick up our conversation and remind her that deep dish is obviously the best kind of pizza and then get right back to browsing so now if i want to check out that playlist leah sent earlier i can head over to apple music and it's right here let's take a listen [Music] love it definitely adding this one to my library now one i really love is photos remember those great pictures from my family's trip to joshua tree well over in the photos app the new shared with you section makes it super easy to get back to them they'll also appear in my featured photos and memories and what's really cool is they're automatically brought over to my library too so if i scroll back to that joshua tree trip and drill in you can see all the great photos my cousins sent are right here with the ones i took making my collection so much more complete with zero effort and photos are smart enough to only bring over the ones i actually care about like the ones i was there for so i don't have to worry about screenshots or memes cluttering up my library so that's sharing in ios 15. back to you craig in addition to photos apple music and news we've built shared with you into safari apple podcasts and the apple tv app and if something especially important comes through you can quickly pin it and it'll be elevated and shared with you and places like search so that's messages we shared with you bringing connection to the places you love to enjoy content together with share play and other powerful updates to facetime we're giving you even more meaningful ways to connect of course that means making the time for it so we have new tools to help you focus on what matters most today iphone plays so many roles in our lives it's where we get information how people reach us and where we get things done this is great but it means our attention is being pulled in so many different directions and finding that balance between work and life can be tricky we want to free up space to focus and help you be in the moment and that starts with notifications they have a fresh new look contact photos for people and larger icons for apps making them even easier to identify notifications are useful so they can pile up throughout the course of a day breaking your focus in those moments when you're trying to get in the zone and the truth is while some notifications require your immediate attention others could be dealt with later to help you engage on your own time we're introducing the notification summary a helpful collection of your notifications you can schedule to be delivered at any time you choose like in the morning and evening we use on-device intelligence based on how you interact with your apps to arrange the summary so it's easy to quickly catch up notifications in the summary are ordered by priority with the most relevant ones rising to the top notifications from people will not end up in the summary so you won't miss important messages as they come in if now really isn't a good time you can use do not disturb to silence all notifications and it turns out it's even easier to step away in focus if people know we're busy so we created an easy way to signal to others when you're doing that now when you're using do not disturb your status is automatically displayed in messages when you reach out to someone who's indicated they don't want to be disturbed you'll be reminded in that moment and for truly urgent messages there's a way to get through while an important part of finding focus is about reducing distraction from others it's also about drawing boundaries for yourself there may be periods in your day when you want to be totally focused on work or maybe you just want to be fully present with your family at dinner in these moments you can use do not disturb or strike more of a balance with focus focus is a new way to match your device to your current mindset with focus all you have to do is choose what you want to focus on you can carve out time in your day for work or your personal life when setting up a focus we use on-device intelligence about your past activity to suggest apps and people to allow notifications from so if you're at work you could choose to only be notified by co-workers or apps like mail calendar or slack you can even dedicate a page on your home screen to match your focus and organize your apps and widgets in a way that reduces temptations by making only your work apps visible for your personal life we'll suggest being notified only by friends and family or apps like calm and for a home screen to match you can have your favorite entertainment apps like youtube or widgets for keeping up with your friends and family we'll even intelligently suggest using a focus based on your context using different signals like location or time of day of course you can create a custom focus too and when you use a focus on one device it automatically sets on all your other devices we think together these tools are a really powerful way to help you find balance not only does ios give you space to focus it also uses intelligence to elevate your experience helping you discover more in your photos quickly find what you're looking for and even relive special moments let's get started with a feature we call live text today our photos are full of rich and useful information from photos of places we visit to hand written notes of family recipes and now live text unlocks this information in a way that's really natural it starts with the camera let me show you let's say i just finished a meeting with the team and i want to capture my notes from the whiteboard i can now just point the camera at the whiteboard and an indicator appears here in the lower right when i tap it the text just jumps right out i can use my normal text selection gestures just drag and copy now i can switch over to mail and paste those in and then send this off to tim how cool is that and this is great for photos already in your photo library here's a photo of a friend you may notice that here at the top there's some text now i can just select it like this and i have the option to use lookup to find out more about this restaurant and even look up its location oh and here's a picture from a friend now you may notice here in the background is a phone number i can just zoom in and with live text it's recognized with a link i can just tap it and give this place a call just like that hi wanderless creamery oh uh whoops sorry uh just applying a deep neural network here to a photo of your shop no actual need for ice cream at this time uh gotta drop bye live text works with photos across the entire system including screenshots quick look and even photos on the web and it understands seven languages including simplified and traditional chinese and works across iphone ipad and mac and it's not just text you can also look up information on recognized objects and scenes just tap and you can look up information like the breed of a dog or type of a flower and this works for art books nature pets and landmarks we're also making it easier to search for your photos by adding photos to spotlight spotlight is the universal place to start all of your searches now with photo search and spotlight you can quickly find your photos right from the home screen spotlight leverages intelligence from the photos app so you can search by people scenes elements in your photos or a location like san francisco and leveraging live text spotlight can even find text in your photos which is great when you're looking for a photo of a recipe a receipt or even a handwritten note we've also added all new rich results for contacts you'll have quick access to call text facetime or email them and spotlight intelligently includes everything related to them their location is shared through find my recent conversations shared photos calendar appointments notes and files and we've added all new rich results for actors musicians tv shows and movies as well that's spotlight next let's talk about how photos uses its deep understanding of what's in your library to enable powerful emotional features like memories memories intelligently curates your favorite moments stitching photos and videos together into heartfelt movies to take a closer look at what's new here's chelsea thanks craig this year we've got the biggest update ever including bringing apple music into your memories for the first time let me show you here in the photos app i can tap on the 4u tab and my memories are right at the top check out this beautiful new animated title card let's watch this one of my climbing adventures you'll hear a relevant personalized song from apple music that brings the memory to life [Applause] [Music] these new memories are built on the fly they're interactive and alive and our pace to the beat of the music i can touch and hold to pause and the music continues to play when i let go the pacing adjusts to get back on beat and to see a photo again all it takes is a swipe to customize my memory i'll use a new feature called memory mixes i can tap to bring up the controls then tap this button to jump in swiping on this carousel lets me try out different mixes with intelligently chosen songs pacing and a look to match notice how the feel of the memory changed with a calmer song slower transitions and a black and white look [Music] this faster song has a more energetic feel and these looks aren't just filters we analyze each photo and apply consistent color and contrast just like a colorist at a film studio to check out more intelligent song suggestions i'll tap on the music button you'll notice these top suggestions are a great fit for my climbing memory with tens of millions of songs in the apple music library experts have curated sets of songs that are combined with my music tastes and the knowledge of what's in my photos to create personalized recommendations just for me i can search for a specific song by tapping on the magnifying glass but i'm gonna go with something from my listening history this song from imagine dragons will be perfect [Music] [Music] and i can keep watching related memories personalized with my favorite songs from apple music and now back to craig with live text look up spotlight and memories ios 15 elevates the iphone experience with on-device intelligence next let's talk about how ios helps you better understand and explore the world around you with some great updates to wallet weather and maps to tell us about what's new in wallet here's jennifer with the apple wallet app we set out to replace your physical wallet starting with apple pay we added payment cards to make payments safer and more secure next we brought transit cards with express mode to your iphone you just breezed through the turnstiles in san francisco new york beijing tokyo and more and just recently walt disney world added their park passes creating magical moments as you tap to enter ride and explore you can never leave home without your keys so we're continuing to add keys to wallet and making them even better we started with car keys which were improving with ultra wideband support for an unlock and drive experience no need to take your iphone out of your bag or pocket bmw and others will ship cars with uwb starting later this year with ios 15 we're bringing keys for your everyday places to wallet starting with where you live we're creating the fastest most secure way to unlock your house apartment or flat and where you work just add your corporate badge and tap to enter your building or office and where you travel with hotel keys you'll automatically receive your key when your room is ready even before you arrive at the hotel starting this fall hyatt hotels will start rolling this out to over a thousand properties worldwide creating a faster and safer experience for their guests anywhere you go just tap to unlock an incredible range of partners for locks and access systems have signed on to support keys for all the places you go however to be fully free of your physical wallet there's one more thing we need to bring to iphone and that's your id so we're bringing identity cards to apple wallet this fall you'll just scan your driver's license or state id in participating u.s states it's that easy your id information is now in wallet encrypted and safely stored in the secure element the same hardware technology that makes apple pay private and secure and the tsa is working to enable airport security checkpoints as the first place you can use your digital id when you present your id you'll know what specific information is requested and securely presented with just a tab you're off to your flight so that's wallet on your iphone and apple watch back to you craig next up weather the weather app is incredibly popular and it's getting a huge update first we're introducing a beautiful new design with data and layouts that change based on conditions such as wind and rain unhealthy air quality or sunny skies we've also added new weather graphics to help users better understand conditions like wind uv index and barometric pressure and we've completely redesigned the gorgeous animated backgrounds there are now thousands of variations that more accurately represent the sun position clouds and precipitation and the weather app in ios 15 includes full screen high resolution weather maps these maps show temperature animated precipitation and air quality that provide a whole new way to see the weather around you next we have some really big updates for another app our users depend on every day apple maps apple maps is the best way to navigate your world it's easy to use and beautifully designed while providing the confidence that your privacy is protected here's meg to tell you more [Music] two years ago we started rolling out our new map offering richer details and more accurate navigation to help you get around built from the ground up we've launched our new map so far in the us uk ireland and canada and we're excited to announce we're bringing the new map today to spain and portugal and later this year we'll add italy and australia our goal has always been to build the world's best map so we looked at everything we've done so far and asked ourselves how can we push things even further we started by building a gorgeous interactive globe that invites users to tap and explore this is a whole new way of looking at the world but it's in cities where we're taking apple maps to an entirely new level our current map is great and our users have told us it's a lot more useful for navigation and exploration but in ios 15 maps will offer incredible new details for commercial districts marinas buildings and so much more we've added things like elevation new road colors and labels as well as hundreds of custom designed landmarks for places like coit tower and the golden gate bridge and we built a beautiful new nighttime mode with a moonlit glow we think all of these improvements are going to make exploring a city so much fun for maps users and when a user is ready to go somewhere maps on ios 15 will make getting there way better let's start with driving we've added a great deal of new road details to the map so we can help drivers as they move throughout a city to better see and understand important things like turn lanes medians bus and taxi lanes and more this outstanding attention to detail including the addition of crosswalks and bike lanes will help drivers more safely navigate complex intersections and when driving on highways maps now renders overlapping complex interchanges in three-dimensional space making it much easier to see upcoming traffic conditions or to know which lane you need to be in and of course we'll be bringing this driving experience to car play later this year but it's not just driving we've also made big improvements for transit riders by helping them easily find nearby stations users can pin their favorite lines to the top and even keep track on their apple watch so there's no need to take your phone out of your pocket maps also automatically follows your transit route notifying you it's time to disembark as you approach your final destination and if you've ever exited a station unsure of which direction you need to go maps will help get you back on track simply hold up your iphone scan the buildings in the area and maps will generate a highly accurate position delivering detailed directions and augmented reality to help you complete your journey we're launching this beautiful new three-dimensional experience in these cities by the end of 2021 with many more to come next year and that's the all-new apple maps back to you craig so that's just some of what's new in apple maps an incredible new way to explore the natural beauty of the world and an amazing new three-dimensional city experience with improved navigation ios 15 is a great release that helps you stay connected find focus discover more with on-device intelligence and explore the world and there's more including voice search and safari powerful support for crossout drag and drop and new outfit options from emoji so that's ios 15 with powerful new features that enhance how you use iphone and of course one of our most popular accessories for iphone is air pods to tell you about what's new here's guggen [Music] airpods have helped us enjoy music like never before and they've helped us stay connected in so many different ways whether to friends and family to our devices or to our favorite entertainment with ios 15 we have some great new features coming to airpods starting with conversation boost which is designed to help people with mild hearing challenges stay more connected in conversations through computational audio and beamforming microphones conversation boost focuses your airpods pro on the person talking in front of you making it easier to hear and follow along in a face-to-face conversation and to help you hear the conversation even better you can also reduce the amount of ambient noise next when you can't reach for your iphone announced messages with siri helps you stay connected ios 15 takes this further with announced notifications now siri can automatically read your important time sensitive notifications to you like when your dinner has been delivered and when you set a location for your reminder like the grocery store siri will read your shopping list to you right when you need it you can easily choose which apps to enable and select do not disturb when you don't want to be interrupted and if you're using the new focus feature your notification preferences are already taken into account next we have significantly improved how airpods work in find my with ios 15 you can locate your airpods pro and airpods max using the find my network your airpods simply send out a secure bluetooth beacon that can be detected by other apple devices they can relay your airpods location to the network and then back to your find my app and if they're nearby just choose play sound listen for the chirp whether they're in their case or out and the new proximity view in the find my app lets you know when you're getting close to make it even less likely to lose your air pods you can now receive a separation alert to notify you if you leave your airpods behind finally last year we introduced spatial audio with dynamic head tracking for airpods pro and then elevated the experience even further with the high fidelity audio of airpods max enabled by computational audio the three-dimensional theater-like sound really makes movies come to life this fall we're excited to extend spatial audio to tvos so now you can enjoy the full surround experience tuned for the big screen in your living room without disturbing the rest of the house and with dynamic head tracking it properly responds as you move about the room we're also bringing spatial audio with dynamic head tracking to mac os on our new m1 powered max so you can enjoy spatial audio on all of your devices in addition we recently announced spatial audio for apple music with the incredible multi-dimensional sound experience of dolby atmos and we're excited that it's available starting today with albums from some of your favorite artists like ariana grande the weeknd jay balvin and casey musgraves with the benefits of conversation boost the convenience of find my in the enhanced experience with spatial audio there are some great new features coming to the airpods family now back to you craig [Music] it's time to talk about ipad os ipad is an incredibly versatile device with its unique blend of mobility innovative technologies and touch first user experience and this experience is powered by ipad os with ipad os we build distinct capabilities that make it possible for ipad to become whatever you need it to be like when you're browsing your photos an ipad becomes an album of your most precious memories held right in your hands or when you pick up apple pencil and it becomes your notepad a markup tool or a canvas for new artwork or when you attach a keyboard and trackpad and it becomes a powerful way to work on your most important documents this unique set of capabilities mean that you can get things done right in the moment and can seamlessly move from capturing and working on your ideas to sharing them with ipad os 15 we're taking this versatility further making ipad even more capable and more intuitive and we started right on the home screen with widgets they offer beautiful glanceable information at just the right moments and this year we have a big update now you can place widgets among the apps on your home screen this is a huge deal let me show you how it works okay here i am on the home screen you can see that i already have a few widgets placed along the top let's start by adding a widget i'll bring up the widget gallery here you'll notice some new widgets like the beautiful new find my widget and the contacts widget which helps you reach family and friends with just a tap let's find a good spot for this towards the top here now i'll go back to the gallery and grab the parcel widget for tracking my incoming packages right on the home screen perfect now of course a bigger canvas means more room for widgets so we're adding a new larger format for widgets designed just for ipad's larger display here's the new apple tv widget i can easily dive into my favorite shows with a tab and here's my gaming page the new game center widget lets me jump into my games faster and discover what to play with friends and check out the new large size photo widget it really puts my favorite photos front and center and with this larger files widget i can keep tabs on all my work projects now with pages full of these great widgets some of my less frequently used apps have gotten pushed to later pages we wanted to make it easier to get to all of your apps so we've brought app library to ipad you can see all my apps are here automatically categorized for me and what's really cool is we built access to app library right into the dock so no matter where you are you can always get to your apps and now that you have app library you can hide pages that you no longer need just like this and even reorder them right from here that's widgets and app library we think this is going to change how you get information and access all your apps on ipad we also have a major update for another key part of the ipad os experience multitasking this year we've made it easier to discover easier to use and even more powerful to give you a closer look here's shabam thanks craig in ipad os 15 there's a new control that appears at the top of your apps tapping on it reveals the multitasking menu from here i can take an app full screen or work with two apps at the same time by creating a split view or slide over i'll tap on the split view icon and the app slides to the edge of the screen giving me quick access to my home screen where i can select from any of my apps i've been working on a podcast so i'll choose ferrite and now i can work with ferrite and notes at the same time in split view it's also really easy to switch apps in split view if i want to replace ferrite i can swipe down and notes moves aside letting me pick another app from the home screen let's select mail this works exactly the same way to choose a new app for either side of the screen and we brought the same ease of multitasking to apps with multiple windows in mail i can touch and hold on this message to open it centered on my screen this allows me to read the entire email without leaving my current view and i have the same multitasking controls here too so i can easily move this into split view or slide over but i want to save this email and come back to it later so i can just swipe down to minimize it into a new area we're calling the shelf the shelf gives me easy access to all open windows of an app let's go to safari and you'll see that the shelf appears automatically when i switch apps i often have a lot of safari windows open many in split view paired with other apps and now i can just tap to quickly switch between them i can also add or remove windows right here from the shelf we've made the app switcher even more powerful i can now create a split view just by dragging one app over another so that's multitasking in ipad os 15. now back to you craig thanks shabom these new multitasking features will help our users be more productive and do even more on their ipad and what's really cool is we now have a new set of keyboard shortcuts that let you do all of this without lifting a finger ipad os 15 also gives you more powerful ways to capture and organize your information with notes this year we're adding powerful new features for collaboration and organization first we're adding mentions just mention someone in a shared note and they'll get a notification linking them back there's also an all new activity view that quickly shows you what's changed in a shared note while you were away and to give users new ways to organize their notes we're adding tags you can add a tag anywhere in your note and then use the tag browser to quickly find your notes but sometimes you just want to quickly jot down a note to remember something important for later and that's why we're taking notes system-wide with a feature we call quick note quick note is a fast and easy way to get to a note no matter what you're doing here's will to show you how it works thanks craig starting a quick note is easy when i swipe the note appears out of the corner of the screen now that i've started a note i can type or i can write with apple pencil it's perfect for jotting down something like a phone number and when i'm done i just swipe it away let's open safari what's super cool about quick note is that it's aware of the app i'm using i'll start a new quick note on top of safari and now i can easily add a link from the website into my quick name i can tap this link anytime to return to this exact site let's go to a website i added a link to earlier a small thumbnail pops up in the corner that allows me to quickly get back to my quick note containing any useful information i found you'll notice there's text highlighted on the page i added this text to my quick note and tapping on a link from a highlight takes me right to the content on the page i can add a link from almost any app i'm using including third-party apps here's a link from yelp and if i tap it takes me right to the restaurant listing i can swipe across my quick note to see my most recent ones and anytime i want to see all my quick notes i can find them right where you'd expect in notes now back to craig thanks will so that's quick note a new way to capture information anywhere quick notes can be created on ipad os and mac os and you can access and edit them later on ios now let's talk about translate in just one year translate has already helped users make billions of translations on ios so we're excited to bring translate to ipad with experiences that leverage ipad's unique capabilities like practicing handwriting in another language with apple pencil or translating right next to your document with split view and translate was designed for conversations so we're making conversations feel easier and even more natural with auto translate auto translate detects when you're speaking and in which language so no one needs to tap a button to respond just speak and let translate do the rest we're also excited to announce system-wide translation so you can translate text anywhere just select the text and tap translate with live text you can even translate text in a photo system-wide translation is available on ipad os ios and mac os and of course you can download languages to use all of these features on device whether you're working on a document or meeting with someone translate makes ipad even more powerful now let's talk about swift playgrounds and how it's bringing a whole new dimension of productivity to ipad swift playgrounds is a great way to learn to code through a series of apple design lesson plans that are interactive and fun this year we're taking it even further by adding the ability to build apps on ipad you build these apps with swift ui which makes development easy the code you write is immediately reflected in the live preview of your app this new project type even works with xcode on mac swift playgrounds now supports improved code completion so you can just start typing and quickly add the suggestion to your code you also have access to the whole library of ui components and the documentation to go with it and if you're new to app development there's a guide to creating your first app while you're developing your app you can run it full screen to try it out and when you're ready you can even submit it to the app store this is amazing you can now build apps for iphone and ipad on ipad we think this will take ipad to new places that's ipad os 15 taking the versatility of ipad even further with new widget layouts for your home screen app library and a redesigned multitasking experience new note-taking and translation features and the ability to build apps with swift playgrounds combined with the great new features we talked about in ios it's time to completely rethink what you can do with your ipad next let's get into privacy at apple we believe privacy is a fundamental human right we don't think you should have to make a trade-off between great features and privacy we believe you deserve both since the beginning we've worked to help you keep your personal data under your control and over the years we've integrated powerful privacy controls into our operating systems most recently adding privacy nutrition labels and app tracking transparency today privacy is more important than ever because when you use the internet and third-party apps you can be tracked by a complex ecosystem of data brokers and ad tech firms often without your permission we don't think this is right we believe in protecting your privacy and giving you transparency and control over your information and to tell you about the new ways we're giving you even more control here are katie and eric [Music] thanks craig let's start with mail if you're like me you get a lot of marketing emails like this what you may not realize is that many of these emails use invisible pixels to collect information about your mail activity like when you open a message and even your ip address we think you should be able to choose whether to allow this or not so now in the mail app we're introducing mail privacy protection here's what it does it hides your ip address so senders can't link it to your other online activity or determine your location and it prevents senders from seeing if and when you've opened their email so now you can catch up on email with greater peace of mind safari leads the industry in protecting you against cross-site tracking with intelligent tracking prevention and this year we're making it even stronger by also hiding your ip address from trackers so they can't use it to link your activity across different sites or learn your location you can see which trackers are prevented from profiling you in the safari privacy report we wanted to bring this same transparency to apps used too so we're introducing the app privacy report this new section settings gives you an overview of how apps treat your privacy you can see how often apps use the permission you've granted to access your location photos camera microphone contacts and more during the last seven days and to find out who your data may be shared with you can see all the third-party domains the app is contacting so these are our new privacy system controls now let's talk about siri siri is available across all of your apple devices allowing you to quickly get things done with just your voice and siri is being used more than ever on over 600 million devices each month we recently added more diverse siri voice options and they sound incredible hi i'm siri if you need anything just ask now siri has a ton of great new features this year but today we want to focus on a major update to privacy series designed to process as much data on device as possible keeping your information private and with the power of the neural engine we're able to do this more than ever today we're introducing on-device speech recognition this means that by default your audio is all processed right on your iphone or ipad this addresses the biggest privacy concern we hear for voice assistance which is unwanted audio recording and this has some great benefits beyond privacy first you can now make many requests without an internet connection launch apps change settings control music and more second on-device processing speeds things up check this out i'll do a few requests back to back open photos [Music] open calendar turn on airplane mode [Music] set a timer for 20 minutes switch to dark mode wake me up at 7 a.m it's amazing how fast siri is with on-device processing so those are some of the powerful new privacy protections in mail safari and your apps along with on-device speech recognition for siri back to you craig [Music] next another part of our ecosystem that puts your privacy first is icloud here to tell you about some great new updates is mike [Music] many of us rely on icloud to safely store a lot of personal information and it's important to always have access so let's start off with two improvements we're making to your apple id first we're adding a new way to get back into your account if you ever forget your password or get locked out you'll now have the option to have people you trust like family and friends to a recovery contact list they won't get any access to your account but if you ever forget your password you can call them to get the code you need to get right back in it's fast easy and secure second we're launching a new digital legacy program we don't often think about it but it's important that we can easily pass down information to family members or friends when we pass away you'll now be able to add people to your account as legacy contacts so when you're gone they can simply request access and your information can be passed along quickly and easily icloud has always kept your important information like photos documents and notes safe up-to-date and accessible across all of your devices and today we're making some big updates we're upgrading our paid subscription to something that we call icloud plus icloud plus combines everything you love about icloud with some great new features starting with something to help protect your privacy online on any given day we all use a variety of networks to browse the web from the internet in our own homes to public wi-fi on the go and behind the scenes network providers and websites can combine your identity and browsing history into a detailed profile about you so now in addition to everything safari does to protect you online we are introducing a new service called private relay it lets you browse with safari in an even more secure and private way and the way it works is really cool it ensures that the traffic leaving your device is encrypted so no one can intercept and read it then all of your requests are sent through two separate internet relays it's designed so that no one including apple can see both who you are and what sites you're visiting and it does all this without compromising performance next let's talk about another icloud plus feature hide my email we've all had moments we've thought twice about sharing our personal email address like when we're filling out a form on the web with hide my email you can share a unique random address that forwards messages to your personal inbox and it's built right into mail safari and icloud settings so it's easy to set up as many addresses as you need and delete them at any time keeping you in control icloud plus also includes built-in support for homekit secure video more and more of us are using security cameras to keep an eye on our homes with icloud plus you can connect more cameras than ever and none of the video counts against your icloud storage it's just a part of your subscription of course you'll still get everything else you love about icloud including photos backup and icloud drive and the best part is we're not changing our prices at all you'll get all of icloud plus our new private relay service hide my email and expanded home kit secure video support for the same low prices we offer today we're really excited to be giving users an even more private and connected experience with icloud plus now over to symbol for the latest developments in health your health and the well-being of your family is always important to you and never more so than this past year apple's commitment to health is stronger than ever we're collaborating with medical experts to accelerate health innovation and we're empowering individuals to improve their health as well as make it easier for them to participate in large-scale research studies with our apis developers are using our devices and health app to come up with ingenious ways to push things forward here's an example i'm francoise marvel i'm a cardiology fellow at johns hopkins seth martin i'm also a cardiologist at johns hopkins seth and i spend our days alongside our patients at the bedside you know six white coats hovering over a bed and we're trying to actually share what the patient's condition is how they need to improve their life we use medical jargon we speak quickly we confuse patients and they're left on their own there has to be a better way than just treating a patient handing them a bunch of papers and expecting that they're going to understand how to change their life we thought well what if we completely re-engineer the process for a heart attack patient by using research kit care kit health kit and then connecting it with an apple watch so we can bring in key cardiovascular metrics that help us to know patients are doing well when francoise was in the technology accelerator program at hopkins the work there led to this phone call with apple and towards the end of the phone call francoise said to divya at apple what can we do to accelerate this and divya said you guys gotta come out to cupertino let's turn your vision into reality and we had a silicon valley airbnb and we started side by side coding with our ios developers and then every couple hours we would talk about their vision and tools they could leverage we go to a whiteboard and we lay out here the things you guys should go tackle when we go back to our airbnb pour more coffee you know order some bubble teas eat some food and then we would go into cupertino they'd come back into cupertino piled in a minivan and spend like almost a full day there getting more feedback working with their teams and then they would leave our offices and work through the night building and implementing the things we had talked about with our tools and their vision we ultimately made magic together we left cupertino invigorated and guess what our clinical trial was able to save an incredible amount of people from having complications and come back to the hospital and it reduced hospital readmissions by 52 and likely saved a lot of lives i remember we were just sitting outside beautiful cupertino weather i know just one of those moments where don dennis victoria app was going to have an impact on so many people's hearts around the world this is the start of something incredible it's the spark and now let's light the fire this is just one of the many inspiring stories out there and is a testament to the innovative work happening in the medical community a critical part of taking care of yourself is monitoring changes in your health which can be subtle and easy to miss over time so this year we're offering three new features to help you to identify measure and understand those changes and here's adithy to tell you about the first of these features let's start with mobility the way that you move and walk can indicate balance issues and gait impairment this is the leading cause of falls in adults currently fall risk is assessed by a care provider through a questionnaire and an in-person evaluation that this can miss out on your everyday movement so important changes can go unnoticed your iphone already captures mobility data as you walk with scientifically validated metrics we're building on this to introduce a completely new way to assess your risk of falling called walking steadiness for the first time ever you can get inside if your fall risk increases and take action early to improve your steadiness let's take a quick look at some of the science behind this as you walk with your iphone the built-in motion sensors automatically measure how fast and how evenly you walk the length of your steps and the timing of each step right down to how often you have both feet on the ground combined these metrics provide powerful insight on changes in your balance stability and coordination we used real world data from the apple heart and movement study with over 100 000 participants across all ages this is the largest data set ever used to study fall risk and it's helped create this first of its kind health metric you can view your walking steadiness in the health app you'll see a classification of okay if the metrics show that you're stable while walking you can see how your walking steadiness may change as the months go by and receive a notification if your steadiness is low or very low and you're at increased risk of falling you can also learn how to improve your steadiness there are movement exercises right in the health app and these can help you increase your strength and balance and reduce your risk of falling now back to symbol to tell you about another way to monitor health changes you can already view lab results like your cholesterol right in the health app in the u.s alone 14 billion clinical laboratory tests are performed each year that is a lot of information to keep track of when you see your own results come in it can be hard to understand what these tests mean or what has changed the health app will now include detailed descriptions to help you better understand your lab data for example when you receive a cholesterol result you can now see that the ldl is a bad cholesterol and having too much may put you at risk for heart disease you can also now see whether your labs are within expected ranges together these views will help you get even more meaning from your lab results many health changes happen over time so to better understand your health even more holistically we're introducing trends you'll get insight on long-term changes across areas such as steps resting heart rate blood glucose sleep and much more you'll also be alerted when there's a new trend in your data which may be something you want to monitor more closely or even discuss with your physician so if you're getting more daily walks in your health summary will show that your steps taken have increased over the last few months this is a great way to celebrate progress towards meeting your health goals and a powerful new way to get early insight into potential health issues with trends walking steadiness and a better labs experience you have three new ways to see changes in your overall health another really important part of managing your health is having meaningful conversations with your doctor during your visit physicians look at your vitals and labs but we'll also ask you about everyday health activities like exercise and sleep and patients can often have difficulty remembering all of these details but the health app has all of this valuable information so to support this conversation you can now share health data that you choose with your health care provider in a private way for example if you have a concern about your heart health you can now share your heart data this is shared securely no one else including apple will see this information your doctor can then view this data directly from their electronic health record system and look for important trends such as changes in activity and a history of alerts like high heart rate access to this information helps give your doctor a more complete view of your everyday health outside of the clinic we're so excited about this new capability to share your data from the health app directly with your doctor these electronic health record companies in the u.s will be the first to support this feature and we look forward to expanding availability even more in the coming months now for many of us it's not just the changes in our own health we care about it's the health of our family and loved ones too whether they live with us or far away for some of us that means taking care of our kids and for others it's our aging parents and for many of us it's actually taking care of both generations above and below to empower you to care for others we're introducing health sharing a private and secure way to view health data trends and alerts for the people most important to you for example i could set up a sharing relationship with my mom and with her permission i could view data like her heart rate activity and labs and just like with my own health data trends proactively highlights changes in my mom's health data for me i can also receive notifications including high heart rate alerts changes in mobility and more and it's easy for me to connect with her about her health so if i see a noteworthy change like her resting heart rate increasing i can simply tap messages and start a conversation with my mom this is a powerful new way to stay connected to the well-being of those you love you'll have peace of mind and they'll know they have a trusted partner on their health journey since the beginning of our work in health all of our health features have been architected to keep your data secure and protect your privacy your health data is under your control and is encrypted in transit and at rest the permissions built into the sharing experience give you granular control over which types of data you share and with whom and you can make changes at any time right from the sharing tab data you share is sent in an encrypted form and apple does not have access to any of this information privacy is fundamental in the design and development across all of our health features we're so excited for what's coming in health a first of its kind metric to assess fall risk richer insights to understand changes in your health and completely new abilities for you to privately share selected data with your doctors and loved ones now i'll hand it over to kevin to talk about watch os [Music] apple watch is already the most loved watch in the world it keeps you healthy active and connected with features like fall detection ecg and cycle tracking apple watch is an essential health companion it motivates you to close your activity rings and transforms the way you stay fit and staying connected to the people and things you care about most is easy with apple watch all from your wrist in watchus 8 we're introducing more capabilities in each of these areas let's start with health more than ever people are realizing the importance of dedicating time to practice mindfulness in fact the breathe app has grown in popularity particularly over this last year in watchos 8 the breathe app has been enhanced to give you more opportunities to slow down and be mindful including a new animation that has a beautiful look and feel to help you center and calm as you breathe we're also introducing reflect a new way for you to be more mindful for example a reflection could be think about something you love to do and why it brings you joy a gentle animation helps you focus and studies show that regular mindful moments like this can lead to increased positive emotions and overall psychological well-being the reflected brief sessions live in the new mindfulness app this will help you reduce stress and relax your body and mind with the sleep app we introduce an entirely new way for you to meet your sleep goals and track metrics like time of sleep heart rate and even blood oxygen in watchos 8 apple watch can track another key metric while sleeping respiratory rate this is a vital sign that measures how many breaths you take per minute and since your sleeping respiratory rate tends to be consistent over time a change may indicate a shift in your overall wellness you'll be notified of a meaningful trend and your respiratory rate has been identified and you can see even more details and respiratory rate in the health app now i'd like to turn it over to jules to tell you what's coming to help you stay active [Music] apple watch is the perfect companion to motivate you to be more fit and watch os 8 adds two of the most popular workout types that are great for bringing more mindful movement to your routine first a new tai chi workout this chinese martial art is thousands of years old and is often described as meditation in motion its gentle approach can help reduce stress and find a more peaceful state of mind and a brand new pilates workout type which is one of the best ways to develop core strength posture balance and flexibility of course another way people are staying fit is with apple fitness plus the first service built entirely around apple watch we've heard from so many of our users how it's making a positive difference in their lives and now fitness plus is introducing a new series of workouts featuring janette jenkins one of the most sought after fitness experts with seven workouts focused on strength and high intensity interval training she's bringing the fire and her belief that all bodies are made to be strong because music is so key to the fitness plus experience we're introducing a new artist spotlight series each workout features an entire playlist from lady gaga jennifer lopez keith urban and alicia keys the artist spotlight series and the new workouts with jeanette will be available later this month with new workout types and great new fitness plus content apple watch continues to be an incredible motivator to help you stay active and fit back to you kevin let's talk about some new features to keep you connected to the people you love photos are a great way to relive your favorite moments and most precious memories on apple watch the photo's face is the most popular watch face that's why watch os 8 is bringing another great way to enjoy your favorite photos with the new portraits watch face it takes the great portrait photos from your iphone and uses the segmentation data to create a multi-layered face with depth and you can make this watch face your own by adjusting the photo's composition and time placement to really make the subject stand out this is really great to see live so let me invite chandra to show you a demo thanks kevin your photo comes to life when you raise your wrist and as you scroll the digital crown you get a view of the dynamic composition that makes this watch face extraordinary you're gonna love how this face keeps you connected when you can't be face to face speaking of photos the photos app itself has been completely redesigned it now includes memory highlights featured photos in addition to your favorites if i tap into this memory i can scroll through the all-new mosaic layout my daughter wesley and i adopted our puppy fondue last year and are missing her during the day the new photos app makes it simple for us to quickly reminisce this picture from my memories is a good one i'm gonna share it with wesley to remind her we're not always missing fondue's best moments if i tap the share icon you'll see that we now have support for sharing photos via messages and mail directly from my watch let's get this over to wesley i'm going to tap add message to show you that we've made it even easier to compose a message we can now dictate scribble and add emojis in the same view i always find it easy to dictate my messages remember this if i tap scribble i can edit my text in line by selecting and deleting what i'd like to change and i can use the crown to move the cursor and add additional text and what message is complete without emojis to get a point across by tapping the emoji icon i can add multiple emojis while in the scribble view os 8 makes it easy to send the perfect message right from your wrist that was quick wesley must have the puppy on the brain too and with gifts now on apple watch i can reply as comedically as i would from my iphone in the new app shelf you'll find hashtag images you can search for the perfect gif or choose from your recents i think a facepalm best captures how this photo makes me feel and that's a look at what's coming in watchos 8 to keep you connected to the people and puppies you care about most and now back to kevin we think you're going to love these new features in photos and messages and of course there's so much more including next hour precipitation support for find items and multiple timers watchos is the world's most advanced wearable operating system and watchos 8 takes it even further with new features to help you stay healthy active and connected and now over to craig [Music] let's talk about the home at apple we design our products for the home to embody three key attributes starting with being easy to use we believe the technology in your home should work for you not the other way around and we design our products to work better together so that your iphone homepod mini apple tv and other devices can leverage each other to deliver seamless experiences and everything we do is built to be private and secure which is so important to all of us with this foundation we have a great set of features coming this year to make life at home more enjoyable to tell you more here's yah at the heart of your smart home is home kit seamlessly orchestrating and controlling your smart home accessories and it all starts at your front door with our new home keys feature simply tap your iphone or apple watch to securely unlock the door just like that now sometimes when you get home you just can't wait to watch your favorite show so we made that easier than ever starting this fall you can ask siri on homepod mini to play something on your apple tv completely hands-free hey siri watch the latest episode of mosquito coast here's season 1 episode 7 of mosquito coast for many of us the only thing better than watching tv is watching tv with friends as you heard from craig earlier share play is going to change the way you enjoy tv together you can watch it all on apple tv in sync with your friends on facetime ensuring everyone catches a movie's dramatic reveal or show's punchline at the same moment and to make it easy to see everything your friends are talking about the apple tv app will now feature a new shared with euro highlighting all the great shows and movies your friends are sharing in messages we also want to make it easier to decide what to watch as a group especially if mom's into action movies grandma loves sci-fi and the teens can't get enough comedy that's why we're introducing a new role called for all of you with a collection of shows and movies based on everyone's interests perfect for family movie nights and you can easily fine-tune the suggestions based on who's watching now when you're ready to watch something you want it to sound amazing so this fall you can select homepod mini as the speakers for your apple tv 4k with the power of computational audio homepod mini delivers rich balanced sound and crystal clear dialogue for everything you watch homepod mini is perfect for any room like the kitchen where you can convert measurements set a timer or add to your grocery list of course you can always listen to apple music and other popular music services and we're excited to add support for lossless audio and apple music later this year because we want more people to experience the magic of homepod mini we're now making it available in even more countries and regions in addition to everywhere we ship homepod mini today we're bringing it to austria ireland and new zealand this month and it'll be available in italy by the end of the year also later this year we'll begin bringing voice recognition everywhere homepod many ships giving each member of the home a personalized experience so each person can ask siri to send a message set their own reminders or hear a playlist curated just for them we believe siri is most powerful when it's available throughout your house which is why we're so excited to bring siri to third-party devices for the first time home kit accessory makers can enable siri in their products so you'll be able to talk to siri on even more devices hey siri set the dinner scene we've designed it so that your serial requests flow to your homepod without going to any third-party servers providing the privacy you expect from apple accessories enabled serial will be available starting later this year and to make your smart home accessories work together seamlessly we formed an alliance with other industry leaders to create a new smart home interoperability standard called mater it leverages the home kit technology we open source last year and we're excited to announce that support is coming at ios 15. you can control home kit and matter-enabled accessories with the home app it's available across your apple devices and this year we're making the home app even better on apple watch you can tap intercom to broadcast the message or quickly access the accessories you're most likely to need in that moment you can even see what's going on around the house with a home kit enabled doorbell it's easy to see who's at the door and greet them right from your wrist home kit secure video uses the on-device intelligence of your apple tv or homepod mini to alert you when people animals or vehicles are detected and this year we're adding package detection so you know when a package has arrived and we're adding new ways to take advantage of your cameras on apple tv while viewing a camera you'll now be able to control nearby accessories such as turning on the outdoor lights and you can even display multiple cameras at the same time giving you a more complete view of what's happening around the house those are just some of the great experiences we're bringing to the home this fall with incredible new features like home keys share play for shared viewing and access to siri in more places than ever before your smart home has never been more capable back to craig let's talk about mac os mac os has always been about the fusion of power and simplicity and with our current release mac os big sur we introduced a bold new design that gives users more control and huge updates for apps all while making everything even easier to use and when combined with the m1 chip big sur delivers unmatched levels of performance and battery life with people using the mac more than ever mac os has become an even bigger part of our daily lives and our next release is focused on helping you do even more but what should we call it well that brings us to the latest exploits of our crack marketing team with their annual vision quest postponed our merry band of nomadic neighbors wandered aimlessly through the california hills before donning their technicolored wetsuits and immersing themselves in the inspiration of the beautiful rich waters of monterey mac os monterey gives you the power to accomplish more than ever and helps you work fluidly across all of your devices the incredible features we talked about earlier are going to be great for the ways you work on mac like the new capabilities in facetime which help you look and sound your best while talking to co-workers or friends with shareplay it's just plain awesome to watch movies and shows together on your stunning mac display or share an app window as you collaborate on a project shared with you offers a totally new way to discover photos articles and more that people share with you over messages right in your mac apps and when you're working hard on mac you can choose a focus that syncs across all your devices helping reduce distracting notifications so you can get the job done plus quick note and notes give you versatile new ways to capture and organize your thoughts these powerful features are just fantastic on mac and we have even more new features that make it easier to work across all your devices starting with continuity every device we make is powerful in its own way and when you use them together you unlock new experiences that feel truly magical this year we've created a completely new way to work across your devices with greater precision and speed and we call it universal control with universal control you can now use a single mouse and keyboard to move between your mac and ipad for a seamless experience universal control is so incredible you just have to see it in action let me show it to you now i'm putting the finishing touches on an illustration here on my ipad it's the last piece i need to finish a presentation that i have open on my macbook now i'll just set my ipad down next to my mac and check this out without any other setup i'm going to simply move my mac cursor towards my ipad and the ipad automatically recognizes it and if i move a bit further boom my cursor is now on the ipad how cool is that and now i can move my cursor back and forth effortlessly between the two now it's easy to control my ipad with just the keyboard and trackpad on my mac for instance i can click and close this document and flick on my trackpad to return to my ipad home screen of course i can swipe between my pages of apps and i can use my macbook's keyboard to open spotlight and say launch nodes and even use command tab to switch back to procreate this is really powerful with universal control i can even drag and drop files between my devices i'm just going to take this drawing i finished on my ipad and drop it on the keynote on my mac awesome for our pros out there universal control works with more than two devices so let's add this imac into the mix now i can use the trackpad on my macbook to control my imac as well i can also switch to use my imacs keyboard and mouse and this is so cool watch this now i have a title text image i've been working on here in procreate on my ipad now i'm going to take this image and drag it across all three devices and drop it in to final cut just like that let's see the final product nice that's a quick look at universal control on mac os monterey universal control makes it effortless to move between your devices so you can be more productive and focus your energy on the task at hand another way our devices work great together is with airplay we all love the way airplane lets us watch a movie or share a presentation from your iphone to a tv just like that but there's another screen with its stunning retina display that makes everything you watch simply amazing that's why we're introducing airplay to mac it works just like airplay today so it's instantly familiar you can play present and share just about anything as you draw a sketch on ipad your colleagues can follow along on the bigger display and you can even take advantage of any mac's high fidelity sound by using it as an airplay speaker airplay brings your mac to life in whole new ways with mac os monterey your devices work together like never before making it more fluid to work across them and we're not just reinventing how you work between devices we're also giving you powerful new tools to get more work done on your devices the mac has a long deep history of automation with command line shell scripts applescript and automator and on ios we've made automation even easier with shortcuts shortcuts take all the taps and swipes you usually need to order your favorite lunch and makes it as simple as tapping a button or asking siri shortcuts is all about helping you get more done faster because you can let your device do the work for you and this year we're bringing shortcuts to the mac the mac is after all where we turn for so much of our creative work and now you can automate the everyday stuff to achieve peak productivity you get access to a rich gallery of pre-built shortcuts designed just for mac you can set up a shortcut to instantly share selected files with your friends so they never miss a moment and with the shortcuts editor you can easily link together a series of actions to design shortcuts for your specific workflows for instance if you're a designer get right to work with a shortcut that opens pinterest in one window affinity photo in another and start your favorite playlist in apple music all in one click we've weaved shortcuts throughout mac os so you can run them no matter what app is open they're in finder menu bar spotlight and of course you can ask siri to run them hands-free shortcuts is the future of automation on mac and this is just the start of a multi-year transition automator will continue to be supported and you can import automator workflows into shortcuts beginning day one with shortcuts there are more ways than ever to create express yourself and get stuff done finally we have some really big news about an app that's central to the mac experience safari we built safari from the very beginning to provide the best browsing experience on mac and it continues to blow the competition out of the water safari is the world's fastest browser it makes navigating even the most complex websites lightning fast and safari is known for its legendary power efficiency on an m1 macbook pro safari users can get up to 17 hours of browsing and of course safari sets the bar for user privacy on the web with features like privacy report and intelligent tracking prevention our users are doing more in the browser than ever before work school shopping entertainment and that often leaves them with a lot of tabs windows and other distractions we think using the browser should feel natural and uncluttered so we've reimagined the browsing experience we distilled the toolbar to its essential elements tabs are more compact modern and lightweight and there's a completely new way to use tabs with tab groups they allow you to easily save and manage your tabs without cluttering up your tab bar i'll hand it to beth to show it in action [Music] thanks craig let's start with safari's gorgeous new tab design all of my tabs are right here in the new streamline tab bar one of the really cool things that we did this year is we built the search field right into the active tab safari is more space efficient than ever and i can see more of the page i can click on the active tab to see the page's full address and then i can search right from here reader is in the tab bar whenever i need it and everything else is right here in the more menu check this out as i switch tabs the tab bar takes on the color of the site that i'm viewing so it feels like a part of the page it looks beautiful next i'm so excited to tell you about tab groups tab groups are an easy and lightweight way to save your tabs and pick them back up later i'll open the new redesigned sidebar and i have a few tab groups here already each of these groups is a whole set of tabs i use them for meal planning for news and for gift shopping here in my open tabs i'm planning a road trip to los angeles and i'm not done with my research yet i can save these into a tab group and come back to it later i'll click the new tab group button and call this trip to la what's so powerful about tab groups is that they're on all my devices i've got my macbook here and look my new tab group is here already as i make changes to my tab groups they update everywhere i'm going to open a bunch of tabs and my imac just keeps up and if i change my current tab my tab group is always up to date and i never miss a thing i can't wait to share these trip ideas with my family i can just drag this tab group into an email and send it off once you start using tab groups we know you're going to want to get to them all the time so we made it super easy to switch from right here in the tab bar that's the new safari on mac we didn't stop there though back to craig to tell you more thanks beth when we were designing the new tab experience we wanted to build something that worked consistently when you switch from your mac to your iphone or ipad on ipad the new tabs and tab bar work just like they do on mac tab groups are especially helpful on ipad and the instant syncing means you can continue a project from anywhere on iphone we've done something really special we took all the thinking that went into mac and ipad and pushed the envelope even further for this smaller screen size we're introducing something that's easier to reach and maximizes the page on screen the new tab bar appears with just a tab and it's directly under your thumb and when you scroll the bar moves seamlessly out of the way it's now easier and more natural to access your other tabs too you can just swipe over the tab bar to move quickly between them or swipe up the tab bar to reveal a brand new grid view of all your tabs plus your tab groups when you get to the end of your tabs you can swipe again to open a new one and the new customizable start page syncs with mac so you have the same safari experience everywhere there's one last feature that we're really excited to share extensions mac users love to deeply customize safari with extensions like grammarly honey and momentum and now we're bringing web extensions to iphone and ipad just like on mac you choose what website you want extensions to be active on and developers can easily tap into an entirely new audience because these extensions can share code with existing safari web extensions this is a huge year for safari a totally new tab design and tab groups simplify your browsing and safari is more customizable than ever with a new start page and extensions on ios and ipad os and with that we have mac os monterey it's a fantastic release with great new features that help mac users do more than ever you can work across mac and your other devices using universal control and airplay to mac it's easy to get productive and creative using shortcuts and the totally new design for safari along with incredible features like share play shared with you focus and quick note we do have more we'd like to talk about but first let's get out of here [Music] probably should have just taken the car as i mentioned a moment ago we've made incredible advances in mac os and across all of our platforms this year these are going to be awesome for users they also create new opportunities for our developers the heart and soul of wwdc and to tell you about the new developer features and technologies we've been building to help you take your apps to the next level here's our vp of wwdr susan prescott it's such a privilege to come together with our developer community and to connect with your creative energy over the course of the week apple engineers are going to share all kinds of exciting new technologies and features that we think you're going to love and there are a few announcements that we just couldn't wait to share apis that will help you create even more incredible apps swift features that make the language both easier and more powerful and app store features that will help you better connect with users let's start with apis and there are a lot of new apis this year like the ones for shareplay that make it possible to build new shared experiences for iphone ipad mac and apple tv and system level enhancements like voice isolation wide spectrum audio and portrait mode that can work in any video conferencing app new apis for focus and notifications a new extra large widget size for ipad the screen time api always on apps for watch os new advanced rendering apis in reality kit and we've gone even further in this release to make it easy for all developers to create realistic 3d objects with object capture object capture is a revolutionary new api on macos rather than manually creating 3d models which can take weeks object capture uses photogrammetry to turn a series of 2d images into realistic 3d objects in just minutes leading developers like maxon and unity are already using object capture to unlock entirely new ways of creating 3d content it's as simple as taking photos of an object on your iphone or ipad then importing them into cinema 4d to create a lifelike 3d model for the first time developers can generate an ar preview of the model to ensure they've captured what they need while on location and wayfair is using object capture to develop tools for their manufacturers so they can use an iphone and mac to easily create a virtual representation of their merchandise this will allow wayfair users to preview more products in their homes with ar to make sure they choose the right product for their space this is a massive step forward for 3d content creation what used to be the most difficult and expensive part of building ar experiences in 3d scenes is now available to all developers in mac os monterey object capture and all of the apis we've talked about today are built on this swift programming language swift has made a huge impact on our app ecosystem and today the majority of the top thousand apps are built using swift to tell you about the improvements you are making this year here's ted thanks susan we designed swift to make it easy to create great apps it has an approachable modern syntax incredible runtime performance and safety features that eliminate whole categories of programming errors in recent years we've worked with the swift open source community to build tons of new features that make swift easier and more powerful and this year one of the biggest features we're building into swift is concurrency concurrency is one of the most requested features for swift and it's key to building apps that are responsive to user input while doing work in the background concurrency also makes it dramatically easier to write code that does work in parallel so your app can take full advantage of multi-core processors without language features that simplify concurrency you need to write a synchronous code that's hard to write hard to understand and hard to debug our approach to concurrency swift builds on the same core principles of swift itself making it easier to write fast modern safe code with fewer mistakes we build structured concurrency deep into the swift language and use the common async await pattern combined with a technology called actors this means you can write code as a simple sequence of steps with actors safely isolating parallel tasks from one another so building code for concurrency goes from something complicated like this to something simple like this that kind of power and simplicity is what swift is all about and we're excited to share more with you this week now back to susan we created swift and all of these other technologies and frameworks for one reason to help you build the best possible apps and the best place to discover those apps is on the app store to tell you about some of the exciting features we've been working on here's ann since the beginning we designed the app store to be a safe and trusted place users can just focus on finding the right app knowing apple has reviewed every app to make sure it meets our high standards for security privacy and safety and that's why the app store now serves nearly 600 million weekly visitors in 175 countries and regions making it a great business opportunity for all developers and an engine for innovation and growth and apple has now paid over 230 billion dollars to developers since the app store launched today we're introducing some incredible new ways to help developers like you reach even more users starting with the app product page this year you'll be able to create multiple custom product pages to showcase different features of your app for different users you can also try out different screenshots videos and even app icons to understand what users like most these improvements will give you even more ways to tell the world about your app it's also important to showcase the dynamic things happening inside your apps the most popular apps and games are constantly introducing new content and limited time events like pokemon go fest film premieres like in the heights and nike fitness challenges events across the entire app ecosystem help users find the next big thing this year we're introducing new ways to discover amazing events like these we call them in-app events with in-app events the dynamic content and experiences within apps will be front and center on the app store so users never miss a big moment and this is huge for developers in-app events can be surfaced throughout the store to millions of users whether they're brand new to the app or they use it every day you can showcase them on your app's product page users can learn more sign up to be notified or quickly join the action if it's happening now they can discover events with personalized recommendations and in search our expert editors will curate the best and biggest events and the new app store widget will feature upcoming events right on the home screen with in-app events the app store continues to be the best place to discover what's happening in apps and games and this will be open to all developers whether they already have events or they're just getting started and now i'll hand it back to susan there's something else we're doing this year and it's going to take app development to the next level it integrates the cloud with our developer tools in a powerful new way and it's called xcode cloud today creating an app requires multiple steps building testing and delivery and a number of different tools xcode cloud simplifies the workflow by bringing everything together so as an individual developer you can focus your energy on being creative and development teams can collaborate more effectively here's how it works when you commit a change to your code xcode cloud can automatically build the app because it's built in the cloud your mac is free for other tasks and for teams everyone can see if the change introduces errors so everyone can find and fix issues faster then xcode cloud runs your automated tests in parallel so they complete in a fraction of the time even as they simulate running on every kind of apple device and platform and the test results are displayed in xcode so you can easily see what worked and fix what didn't finally once the app passes all its tests xcode cloud can automatically distribute it to the testers on your team and even external beta testers with test flight and all of these essential continuous integration and delivery features are right there in xcode so you can work without switching tools and you can stay focused on your code xcode cloud is the quickest easiest way to build test and deliver your apps and it's built with advanced security to protect you and your projects your source code is only used in a temporary build environment and the only things xcode cloud stores are the products of the build xcode cloud and test flight make it easy to distribute betas to users on iphone ipad apple watch and apple tv and we want xcode cloud to be able to automatically distribute beta apps across all apple platforms to make that happen we're bringing test flight to the mac so you can use test flight to easily test your mac apps including features like in-app purchases xcode cloud is incredibly powerful and we can't wait for you to use it and see how it will help you to build better apps faster we'll be providing access to a limited beta starting today and expanding access to this free beta throughout this summer and fall and xcode cloud will be available to all developers next year we'll provide more details on pricing and availability this fall we're really excited about these announcements and these are just some of the highlights we continue to innovate with the app store and tools and technologies to help you do extraordinary things and we're going to be telling you even more in sessions throughout the week now back to tim but first much better take it home tim thank you susan and thank you craig and thanks to all of our presenters what a big day of announcements and innovations for our users and our developers we took giant steps forward with all of our software platforms and they will enable our users and developers to do remarkable things our os releases will be available as developer betas today and each of them will have a public beta next month and all of this incredible software will be available to all of our users this fall i am so excited for these new releases and how they will make our products even more powerful and more capable they will provide users new ways to enrich their lives and developers new tools to change the world we hope you've enjoyed today's event and that you're excited for the week ahead for those developers who want to take a deeper dive into our announcements we have the platform state of the union coming up later today and we have a week full of in-depth sessions and one-to-one labs with apple engineers we will also provide pavilions daily recaps and other experiences to help you get the most out of the conference thank you for joining us let's have a great week [Music] chances [Music] you [lively violin playing] [upbeat rock music] Like a sound you hear
that lingers in your ear But you can't forget
from sundown to sunset It's on in the air,
you hear it everywhere No matter what you do It's gonna grab a hold on you California soul California soul They say the sun comes
up every morning now And if you listen, oh so carefully The winds that rise on the high tide Whistles a melody So the people started to sing And that's how the sun gave birth,
I'm told To California soul California soul You might as well get with it Like a sound you hear
that lingers in your ear Oh, oh California soul Tim: Good morning,
and thank you for joining us. I really love the incredible energy
in that opening. It represents the way we feel
about California. California has always been a place for
people with big ambitions and big dreams, a place where people are fueled
with optimism to make things better, to make things that can change the world. It's such an important part
of who we are at Apple, and inspires us
in everything we create and do. We're proud to call California our home. We have a lot to talk about today. Let's get started with Apple TV+. Apple TV+ is a home
to the world's most creative storytellers, and continues to expand
with award-winning programming. Apple Original series, films,
and documentaries have now been honored with more than 130 wins and over 500 nominations
in less than two years. We're so proud this year
that Apple TV+ has 35 Primetime Emmy nominations, including 20 for "Ted Lasso," a record for the first season
of a comedy series. And we're just getting started. Let's take a quick look at a few shows
that are premiering this fall. Things will happen to you. Things that you cannot control. Raw emotion will find you. When it does, what you do will define who you are. [exciting music] Our heroes reunite. - Hi!
- Oh, my God. - Hi!
- You okay? Oh, yes. I wanna do something that matters. Ooh La, la, la, la, la,
let's live in the moment Forget Sunday morning Ah! What the hell happened to my face? [laughs] Welcome back. I'm gonna compete with you, buddy. "Buddy"? They're worried
you can predict the future. They're worried people believe I can. My name is Jon Stewart. Welcome to...
"The Problem with Jon Stewart." We should put a comma in that. The world wants to test us. To see if it can break us. He didn't beat you because he's better. He beat you because he's smarter. Do you think we'll make it? La, la, la, la, la,
let's live in the moment. Not without my team. I think I can help you. The first thing I'm going to do
is completely unethical. I'm gonna give you a hug. - Oh, ooh.
- I'm a hugger. Hey, remember to focus
on the here and now. Living in the moment, it's a gift. That's why they call it
the present, y'all. Ooh La, la, la, la, la,
let's live in the moment Tim: I can't wait for all the new shows
and movies coming to Apple TV+, including the second season of one
of my favorites, "The Morning Show," which starts this Friday. Next, we're thrilled to share our newest
product announcements, starting with iPad. There's no other device like iPad, and today, it's more popular
and more essential than ever. And the reason it's so popular
is its amazing versatility. It can transform into
whatever you need it to be. With advanced displays,
users can literally touch their content, unlike any other device. With powerful
and efficient Apple designed chips, iPad delivers breathtaking
performance all day long. And with fast connectivity,
advanced cameras, and accessories like the Magic Keyboard
and Apple Pencil, iPad becomes even more versatile, extending what users can do on iPad
and where they can do it. At the heart of it all is iPadOS delivering powerful features, while maintaining the simplicity
of a touch-first experience. What makes iPad even more versatile
are the over 1 million apps designed specifically
for its large canvas. The iPad business has never been stronger. We've grown by over 40% this past year. We have a great lineup today with industry-leading
customer satisfaction, and it's about to get even stronger. It starts with our most popular iPad,
which delivers the full iPad experience at an incredible affordable price. And today it gets even better. This is the new iPad, and to tell you all about it,
here's Melody. [lively music] ♪ ♪ Melody: This new iPad is packed full
of updates, so let's jump in. Under the hood is
a more powerful chip, A13 Bionic. And it pushes even further
than the speedy A12 from last year's iPad with 20% faster performance
in every aspect of the chip from the CPU and GPU
to the Neural Engine. A13 is leaps ahead of the competition. In fact, it makes this iPad
up to three times faster than the best-selling Chromebook and up to six times faster
than the best-selling Android tablet. And it means users will see
even more responsive performance for all the things they love
to do on iPad, from everyday uses like messaging
and browsing the web to playing immersive,
high-quality games. And as users explore more advanced apps
like Adobe Fresco with its super realistic water colors, A13 delivers the performance they need
and then some. And the more powerful Neural Engine in A13 makes next-generation
machine learning experiences like Live Text in iPadOS 15 even faster. The upgraded image signal processor in A13 also means the rear camera
captures great photos with improved autofocus in low light, and better selfies
from the front camera as well. Now, the front camera on iPad is essential for things like remote learning
and connecting with family. And that's why we're so thrilled
to give it a big upgrade. It's now a 12 MP Ultra Wide camera
that produces a huge leap in image quality and enables a super popular feature
from iPad Pro, and that's Center Stage. We're bringing
the magical Center Stage experience from iPad Pro to this new iPad. Enabled by the Ultra Wide front camera
and the Neural Engine, Center Stage makes video calls
more engaging by automatically detecting people
and dynamically adjusting the frame as they move around
or as more people join in. It works in landscape orientation
and portrait, so users can enjoy Center Stage
in all the ways they use iPad. Not only does Center Stage work
in FaceTime, it makes video calls more natural
in other popular apps, like Zoom, BlueJeans, and Webex. And it's not just
for video conferencing. Users can record, stream,
and post Center Stage video in apps like DoubleTake,
Explain Everything, and TikTok. It makes you more productive on iPad,
and it's simply more fun. Another new feature coming to this iPad
that users love is True Tone. It adjusts the display
to the color temperature of a room to provide a more comfortable
viewing experience. And by retaining the same popular design, this iPad supports a vast array
of accessories, including the thin
and light Smart Keyboard, and third party keyboards
like Logitech's latest rugged combo with trackpad for schools. And of course, this iPad supports
the first-generation Apple Pencil, where iPadOS makes the experience
of using Apple Pencil as easy and natural as pen and paper. And this new iPad will ship
with iPadOS 15, which is packed
with great new features. For example,
you can place widgets among your apps, making important information
available with just a glance. New multitasking controls make it even
easier to launch and use multiple apps. Quick Note gives you a fast and easy way
to take notes anywhere. And the list goes on. iPadOS is so immensely capable
and so easy to use. When you combine it
with a beautiful display, great cameras, broad accessory support,
Gigabit-class LTE, and all-day battery life,
this iPad delivers enormous value because this new iPad starts at just $329. And that's with twice the storage,
starting at 64 gigabytes. For schools,
it's even more affordable at just $299. It comes in Space Gray and Silver,
and cellular models are available as well. You can order the new iPad today,
and it will be available next week. With the power of A13 Bionic, a new 12 MP Ultra Wide front camera
with Center Stage, True Tone, double the storage,
and the versatility of iPadOS 15, this is a giant upgrade
for our most popular iPad. Now back to Tim. Tim: We're excited that our most popular
iPad is now so much better. And now let's talk about iPad mini. There's simply no other device
like iPad mini. It gives users all the power of iPad
in its most portable form, which makes it indispensable
for a wide range of uses, like when it's secured to the leg
of a pilot in flight or pulled from a doctor's lab coat
to care for patients in the ER. iPad mini is in a class of its own. And today we're giving our littlest iPad
its biggest upgrade ever. Introducing the all-new iPad mini. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ Katie: As Tim said, we're giving iPad mini
a huge set of updates– a complete redesign that puts everything
our users love about iPad right in the palm of their hand. The all-new enclosure features
a beautiful all-screen design with narrow borders
and elegant rounded corners. The design is remarkably thin and light
and absolutely stunning. And iPad mini now comes
in a gorgeous array of new colors. Purple, Pink, Starlight,
and Space Gray. And this design features
a brilliant Liquid Retina display. With this new design we were able
to increase the screen size all the way out to 8.3 inches,
while keeping the same compact footprint. With wide color, True Tone,
500 nits of brightness, and the lowest reflectivity
in the industry, everything you view on iPad mini
will look great wherever you go. And delivering this edge-to-edge screen
meant finding a new location for Touch ID. So just like iPad Air, we put it
right in the top button of iPad mini. Touch ID is fast, easy, and secure, whether you're unlocking your iPad
or using ApplePay. iPad mini is already
the fastest device of its kind, and the performance of the new iPad mini
is simply remarkable. Compared to the previous generation, the new iPad mini sees a 40% jump
in CPU performance and a whopping 80% leap
in GPU performance. So whether you're using ForeFlight to navigate your flight plan
with live wind speed overlays or playing the graphically rich game
"Star Wars: Hunters" online with your friends, the new iPad mini will power
right through it with ease. And the Neural Engine, for powerful
machine learning applications, also takes a big leap forward
on the new mini, increasing performance by up to two times
over the previous generation. Combined with the CPU and the GPU, the Neural Engine enables apps to deliver next-level experiences. Like the new Translate app
in iPadOS 15, which can automatically
translate a conversation in real time. The performance of the new iPad mini
is on a whole new level. And we know that iPad users rely
on ultra-fast connections. Well, the most mobile iPad
is about to get a lot faster and even more versatile. iPad mini now has a USB-C port, so you get
the same great USB-C functionality that we brought to iPad Air, which means it is up to ten times faster
than its predecessor. So iPad mini can now connect
to a vast ecosystem of USB-C accessories, which is great,
whether you're a photographer who needs to connect to cameras
when shooting on location or a doctor in a remote area
using Butterfly to conduct an ultrasound. And when users are on the go, it's crucial to have access
to the fastest cellular connections, and that's why we're bringing 5G
to iPad mini. Download speeds can be
up to 3.5 gigabits per second. This is key when you need
to stay connected on the go, like when technicians use Splunk AR
on-site to access real time data,
performance analytics, and complex schematics. Or if you're using SharePlay
to take a MasterClass with your friends. 5G keeps you connected. Next, let's talk about
the cameras and audio. Users rely on iPad mini for FaceTime, taking photos and videos,
and experiencing AR, so we've updated both the front
and back cameras. The back camera now features
a 12 megapixel sensor with Focus Pixels and a larger aperture to capture sharp, vivid photos. And we added a True Tone flash to mini
for improved photos in low light. With a new ISP, users will see
enhanced photos with Smart HDR, which improves image quality by recovering
details in shadows and highlights. And now with the ability to record in 4K, iPad mini becomes
your mobile movie studio. On the front, iPad mini features
the new 12 MP Ultra Wide camera, which means it also supports Center Stage. As Melody mentioned,
this has been a huge hit on iPad Pro, and now it's coming to iPad mini. And iPad mini also features a new speaker
system with stereo in landscape, great for listening
to your favorite playlist or doing an Apple Fitness+ workout
in your hotel room. And iPad mini's versatility is further
enhanced by its amazing accessories. There's a new set of slim Smart Folio
covers in beautiful coordinating colors that complement
the new iPad mini finishes, perfect for expressing
your personal style. And now, iPad mini supports the amazing
second-generation Apple Pencil, which magnetically attaches
to the side of iPad mini so it's always connected,
charged, and with you. Apple Pencil transforms iPad mini
into your digital sketch book, We're so excited about the new iPad mini. Let's see it in action. [percussive music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [alarm beeping] [both scream] [shutter clicks] [upbeat rock music] ♪ ♪ Katie: With its all-new design
and huge boost in performance, the new iPad mini starts at just $499, and it'll be available in both Wi-Fi
and cellular configurations. You can order it today,
and it will be available next week. So this is the all-new iPad mini featuring a brilliant
liquid retina display, super fast performance, new cameras front and back, Center Stage, 5G,
support for Apple Pencil, and all-new colors. With all of these new features, this is by far the most powerful
and versatile iPad mini ever. [light music] And with both the new iPad and iPad mini, we continue our commitment
to the environment. Both of these iPad models are built
with a 100% recycled aluminum enclosure. And this marks a milestone for iPad. Every single iPad in the lineup now features
a 100% recycled aluminum enclosure. This is just one of the many
ongoing efforts we have underway to reduce the environmental impact
of our products. Now back to Tim. Tim: With the even more capable new iPad
and the phenomenal new iPad mini, our iPad lineup
is the best it's ever been. Next, let's talk about Apple Watch. Apple Watch is
an indispensable daily companion that keeps you connected to the people
and things you care about most. It encourages you to be active
and get more out of your workouts. And it monitors your health,
helping you live a better day. I am so inspired by the impact
we've had on people's lives, and we continue to push the boundaries
of what Apple Watch can do. To tell you about what's next,
here's Jeff. [upbeat music] Jeff: Being more active is one of the best ways to stay healthy. And it's been at the heart of Apple Watch since the beginning. Well, today we're adding new features
to Apple Watch for everyone who rides a bike. watchOS 8 will detect when you begin
riding and remind you to start a workout. And it will automatically pause and resume
if you stop temporarily. And watchOS 8 adds Fall Detection
to cycling by sensing the unique motion
and impact of falls while riding a bike. And Apple Watch
now better supports e-bikes with an improved workout algorithm
that more accurately calculates calories. These cycling updates join all
the other great additions in watchOS 8, like the Mindfulness app
and Memories in Photos. And this year we focused on
making these features and everything you do on Watch
bigger and better. Introducing... the next generation of Apple Watch. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ This is the incredible
Apple Watch Series 7. It takes all the great features
of Apple Watch and combines them with our largest
and most advanced display ever. The new Retina display on Series 7 has
nearly 20% more screen area than Series 6. And it's an even bigger jump over Series 3
with over 50% more screen area. The Series 7 display
has been completely reengineered to reduce the borders
to just 1.7 millimeters. That's 40% thinner than on Series 6. It's an incredible innovation
that maximizes the screen area while barely changing the dimensions
of the watch itself. And the shape of the watch
has also been refined. Both the case and the display of Series 7
have softer, more rounded corners. The new display refracts light at
its edges for a subtle wrap around effect, creating a seamless integration
with the curvature of the case. And it's also up to 70% brighter indoors
when your wrist is down, making it even easier
to discreetly check the time. This new display is an industry first and we fully optimized the user interface
for it. Here's Lauren to tell you more. Lauren: Across the user interface
on Series 7, buttons have been redesigned and enlarged to complement the size and shape
of the new display, like in Stopwatch, Activity, and Alarms, making them even easier to tap. It can also fit nearly 50% more text
onscreen than Series 6. This helps you read Messages and emails
with a lot less scrolling. Series 7 also features
new ways to input text. There's a full keyboard
that you can either tap or slide from letter to letter
with QuickPath, which uses machine learning
to predict the word you're typing. There are also new watch faces
designed specifically for Series 7. The dynamic Contour face
animates on wrist-raise, pushing the dial right out to the edge. And a new Modular face
leverages the extra screen area with two large,
data-rich center complications. All of these improvements give Series 7
the best user experience of any Apple Watch. We also improved durability, which is another essential aspect
of Apple Watch. Series 7 is the most durable Apple Watch
we've ever built. It has our most crack-resistant
front crystal, thanks to a stronger
and more robust geometry. It's also the first Apple Watch
to have IP6X certification, so you don't have to worry about
wearing it in dusty environments. And of course, it's still swim-proof
with WR50 water resistance. With our best-ever durability, you can take Series 7
anywhere you want to go. And use it all-day long
with the same, great 18-hour battery life. Series 7 also has
an improved charging experience. It charges up to 33% faster than Series 6. With an updated charging architecture
and new fast-charging USB-C cable, it takes just 45 minutes
to go from 0 to 80% charge. And 8 minutes of charging is enough
for 8 hours of Sleep Tracking. We think customers will love
the optimized user interface, best-ever durability,
and faster charging of Series 7. Now back to Jeff. Jeff: Series 7 will be available
in five new aluminum colors, Midnight, Starlight,
Green, Blue, and PRODUCT(RED). It will also be available in silver,
graphite, and gold stainless steel, as well as in natural
and space black titanium. Apple Watch Nike models
feature a new graphic Sport Loop and Nike Bounce watch face. And there's a new Apple Watch Hermes
Circuit H leather band with matching face, plus, an elegant new Double Tour band. Now, of course, bands are a great way
to customize your Apple Watch for any activity or occasion, so we've added new colors
across our most popular styles. And Series 7 is compatible
with all existing bands. We've designed Series 7
with the environment in mind. All aluminum watch cases are made
with 100% recycled metal and all magnets in Series 7 use 100%
recycled rare earth elements. So here's our 2021 Apple Watch lineup. Series 3 remains
at the great entry price of $199. Apple Watch SE starts at $279. And Apple Watch Series 7 starts at $399. Series 7 will be available
later this year, and we can't wait for you to try it. Here's another look
at some of the amazing capabilities of Apple Watch Series 7. To live is to ask the big questions. Like, "Why are we here?" "What is our purpose? And "Whoa!
How fast was that serve?" 98 miles per hour. Nice. But I was thinking ideas about–
wow. Excuse me? Yeah, how far was that drive? 250 yards. Okay, getting back to my point,
I mean, haven't you ever wondered-- How far have I gone? 5 miles. Average speed: 12.4 miles per hour. That is how far you've gone. But I was actually thinking-- wait, are you taking an ECG here? And you're taking one here? Are you taking an ECG next to a piñata? Heads up! Oh, we're surfing. Wow, that's just– that's just impressive. Wait, how many waves you get? 15 waves. Oh, good morning.
How did you sleep? Why are you checking
your blood oxygen level? Oh, that's why. Okay, let's get back to the big questions,
like, are the mysteries of the universe
out of reach? Or can we discover the answers
through the power of meditation? Oh, come on, now! You know you're levitating, right? Sorry. Don't mind me. Anyway, there are questions,
and it seems like your watch has all the answers,
which is cheating. Jeff: So that's Apple Watch Series 7. It has the largest
and most advanced display ever, an optimized UI with new keyboard
and watch faces, best-ever durability,
fast charging, new colors, and all the great features
of watchOS 8. Series 7 is simply
our best Apple Watch yet, and there's no better way
to stay connected, active, and healthy. And a great way to stay active and healthy
with Apple Watch is with Apple Fitness+. I'll hand it over to Jay
to give you an update. [upbeat music] Jay: Apple Fitness+ is the first
fitness service designed entirely around Apple Watch,
and our users love it. With ten different workout types
from HIIT to Yoga, there's something for everyone. And with workouts from 5 to 45 minutes, it's easy to fit one in
no matter how busy your schedule is. There are also modifications in every
workout to accommodate all levels, and with over 1200 workouts
in 4K Ultra High-Definition and new content dropping
every single week, you'll never get bored. The real-time connection with Apple Watch helps make every workout motivating
and engaging. You see your heart rate, calories burned, you get timers for the tough intervals, and even celebrations
when you close your Activity rings. The Fitness+ Trainer Team has been
embraced for their diversity, welcoming approach to fitness,
as well as their superb coaching skills. And they always bring the fun
to help the time fly by. Time to Walk has inspired people to get
moving with an engaging audio experience that lets you walk with some
of the world's most interesting people Today Fitness+ is available
in six countries. We're excited to announce that later this fall, Fitness+ will be available in 15 new countries. The workouts will be in English
with subtitling in six languages, so that more people can experience
the health benefits of Apple Fitness+. I'm excited to introduce you
to a few of the trainers to tell you about what's coming next
in Fitness+. Over to you, Sam. Sam: Body conditioning workouts, like strength, core, and yoga, are among the most popular workouts in Fitness+. Another great body conditioning workout
is Pilates. It's low impact, targets the core, and is terrific for improving strength
and flexibility. And we are really excited
to be bringing Pilates to Fitness+. Users will find new Pilates workouts
each week with modifications
for those just starting out, as well as options for those
who are more advanced. Can't wait for you to try it. Next, let's go to Jessica. Jessica: We want Fitness+ to be a service
that motivates you to stay healthy, strong, and fit, as well as a place where you can improve
your overall well-being. To make it easy for you to practice
mindfulness every day, we're excited to be bringing
Guided Meditation to Fitness+. Each week new Guided Meditations
will be available in Fitness+, where you can select from themes
such as calm, gratitude, and kindness, and meditate
alongside your favorite trainer in an immersive video experience. In the new Mindfulness app on Apple Watch, the same meditations will be uploaded
each week in audio form. These new guided video
and audio experiences make it easy to fit the benefits of meditation
into your life. Over to you, Bakari. Bakari: We love creating
new Fitness+ workouts every week, Our newest workout program
takes its inspiration from winter sports. Skiing and snowboarding
are fantastic exercise and a fun way to hang out
with your family and friends. So we're introducing Workouts
to Get Ready for Snow Season. We designed these workouts
with Ted Ligety, two-time Olympic Gold Medalist,
five-time World Champion, and father of three. This program contains workouts
that will build up your strength, help you on the slopes longer, and make it your best snow season ever. Now back to Jay. [upbeat music] Jay: For many people, fitness is more fun
when it's a shared experience, like taking a class together
or working out with a buddy. We wanted to make it easier for you to
work out with the people who motivate you, no matter where they are in the world. So we're excited to introduce Fitness+
Group Workouts powered by SharePlay. From a group message thread
or FaceTime call, navigate to the Fitness app
and get started. Your metrics are still on your screen, and you'll see when your friends
move ahead on the Burn Bar or close their Activity rings. Fitness+ Group Workouts is available
on iPhone, iPad, and on Apple TV through AirPlay with support
for up to 32 people at the same time. And those are the latest updates
in Fitness+: Pilates to help you get stronger, Guided Meditation to make it easy
to practice mindfulness, a new workout program
to get you ready for snow season, and so much more. All these new features will be launching
later this month, and Group Workouts and our 15
new countries will launch later this fall. New Fitness+ subscribers
will receive a one-month free trial and 3 months free with the purchase
of a new Apple Watch. And Fitness+ is also bundled
with an Apple One Premier subscription. Here's a look at how Fitness+
is inviting everyone to the party. [lively piano music] Welcome to the club. What's going on and welcome
to your 10-minute HIIT. - Hours of operation...
- Let's go ahead. Get your arms up. - All day.
- Exhale. Push up. - All night.
- [exhales] Can't sleep. - Whenever you need to feel good.
- Punch, punch, punch, kick! - The club has no dress code.
- You got this! No rules of decorum.
Pets are allowed Now we're squat-jumping up a storm!
Come on! Making space. We have yoga, Pilates, - HIIT, dance...
- Breathe naturally. Meditation. Ah! Cold, cold, cold. The locker rooms are unisex. The club has trainers. - Kim...
- Kim here in the Fitness+ Studio. - Amir.
- Your last one! Janelle. Josh. Betina. Jamie Ray. - Yes, Jamie Ray!
- Dolly. Dolly: Hopefully with us walking together, we'll feel a little more freedom. You don't have to show your card
at the door. There is no door to the club. There is no ceiling. - There are walls...
- Three more to go! - But we can break through those.
- Come on, two more. Go faster! Go deeper! - Go higher! This is it!
- Whoo! We have music. Drake. Dua Lipa. Nicki. Billie. Keith Urban. Bad Bunny. Front, back, quick, quick, slow, stop! - Right leg goes up!
- Whatever moves you. And you. And them. The club is the largest club in the world because the club is the world. - Come on, faster!
- It is all people. Keep up, sis! Come on, you got this. And if you have ten minutes... - Come on!
- Twenty. - All the way!
- Thirty. Yes! And if you're wearing one of these, let's go. Thank you. Stay active. Close your rings. See you next time. Jay: And that's Fitness+.
Back to Tim. [upbeat music] Tim: With Apple Watch Series 7,
the most advanced smart watch ever, and the incredible new content
and features in Apple Fitness+, we can't wait to see the impact
they're sure to have on our users' lives. Now let's talk about iPhone. iPhone has forever changed the world. Every single day people rely on iPhone,
from their most demanding tasks, to capturing the moments of their lives,
streaming their favorite TV shows, playing their favorite games, staying up-to-date
with the news of the world, and connecting with friends
and loved ones. This is what drives us
to create the best iPhone possible, to create an experience unlike any other
with legendary ease of use, beautiful and durable designs, with water resistance
and great battery life, with industry leading performance, and the world's
most advanced camera systems, and with privacy built in. People love iPhone. And we keep making iPhone better, more powerful, more capable,
and even more fun to use. Today we are thrilled to introduce
our next generation of iPhone. Here it is. [bass music thumping] ♪ ♪ This is iPhone 13. To tell you more, here's Kaiann. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ Kaiann: Let's take a closer look
at iPhone 13 starting with design. It has the sleek,
flat-edged design that people love. It's also incredibly durable
with our exclusive Ceramic Shield front, tougher than any smartphone glass, and has industry leading
IP68 water resistance. iPhone 13 has a new look
for the advanced dual-camera system with the lenses arranged diagonally. The aerospace-grade aluminum frame
is beautifully formed and really shows off five new colors: an all-new Pink, Blue, Midnight,
Starlight, and (PRODUCT)RED. On the front, the TrueDepth camera system
has been reengineered to provide more display area. Everything inside, including Face ID, the most secure facial authentication
in a smartphone, fits into a space that's 20% smaller. iPhone 13 is designed
with the environment in mind, using many recycled materials. For example, these antenna lines
use upcycled plastic water bottles, an industry first. Under the hood, iPhone 13 has
been completely re-architected to make room for new technologies
and a bigger battery. This beautiful design is the same
across two sizes, iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini. Both feature a more advanced
Super Retina XDR display. It's 28% brighter, up to 800 nits, brilliant for viewing
even when you're outside. For HDR content like photos and videos, the peak brightness is higher
at 1200 nits. And you can enjoy
the pixel-precision brightness for longer thanks to the display's
improved power efficiency. You'll see true blacks in games,
photos, and videos with the incredible contrast ratio
of our OLED display. This new brighter
Super Retina XDR display delivers an immersive viewing experience with support for Dolby Vision,
HDR10, and HLG. Now let's talk about the chip that powers iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini. Frankly, the competition
is still playing catch-up to our chips, not just from last year,
but even from two years ago. And today,
we're extending our lead with A15 Bionic. Here's Hope to tell you all about it. [upbeat music] Hope: Our silicon is the engine of iPhone. With A15 Bionic, we have innovations
across the entire system to deliver more performance
and power efficiency, At its foundation,
A15 uses five nanometer technology, which enables us to include
nearly 15 billion transistors. You'll absolutely fly through demanding
workloads smoothly and efficiently thanks to a powerful new 6-core CPU with two high-performance
and four high-efficiency cores. We've increased the performance of our CPU's
dedicated machine learning accelerators that power experiences
such as advanced text-to-speech in Siri and on-device processing of directions
in Maps. It's the fastest CPU in any smartphone, up to 50% faster
than the leading competition, For graphics-intensive tasks,
like advanced games, A15 Bionic features our latest 4-core GPU, enabling more eye-catching visuals
and lighting effects. It delivers up to 30% faster graphics
versus the leading competition. And we continue to push the limits
of machine learning with the new 16-core Neural Engine
that is perfect for ML tasks. It's capable of an astounding
15.8 trillion operations per second. We design our Neural Engine together with our camera hardware
and software teams. This unique vision and integration
brings to life leading capabilities in video and image processing. This means faster ML computations
for experiences like Live Text with iOS 15. Point your camera at text on the go
and instantly take action, like buying tickets or getting directions. The ML advancements across our entire chip
will empower developers to do even more in their apps,
like SwingVision, which can smoothly run
powerful CoreML and AR models on A15 Bionic for real-time shot tracking, video analysis, and remote coaching. PeakVisor helps you navigate the outdoors
to identify mountains and explore detail-rich 3D maps
while hiking. And Seek uses a machine learning model
trained by over 20 million photos to instantly identify plants
and animals around you, and all the processing is done on-device. A15 is a powerhouse. In addition
to core performance improvements, there's a new display engine, new video encoder and decoder, and twice the system cache. There's nothing in the world
like this chip. Back to Kaiann. Kaiann: A15 Bionic also powers
the amazing camera system on iPhone 13. It combines our powerful cameras, next-generation image signal processor, and computational photography to create
our most advanced dual-camera system. The all-new Wide camera lets you take
stunning shots in any situation, like this photo full of color and texture. It gathers 47% more light
for less noise and brighter results in your photos and videos. This is enabled by larger,
1.7-micron pixels that capture more light
and a wide f/1.6 aperture. It's the biggest sensor we've ever put
in our dual-camera system. iPhone 12 Pro Max introduced
an amazing advanced technology, sensor-shift optical image stabilization. And incredibly, we are bringing this
to iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini. Here's a low-light photo from
the new Wide camera with sensor-shift OIS. The larger sensor captures
nearly 50% more light. Hard to believe this photo was taken
in a dark room with just a little light
coming through a window. Night mode shots are even more impressive. Capture times are shorter, too,
for sharper images of your subjects and fine details. We've also custom-designed
a new Ultra Wide camera that will reveal more of the dark areas
with less noise, like you see here
in the walls and ceilings. Capturing fun, creative perspectives
is easy with the Ultra Wide and now it's even better on iPhone 13. Now let's switch to video. iPhone already has
the highest quality video in a smartphone. And iPhone 13 brings a brand-new feature, Cinematic mode. Now over to Johnnie to tell you more. Johnnie: Filmmakers have
used focus changes to tell engaging stories for decades. It's a technique called rack focus that requires skill, planning,
and creative vision. You've seen rack focus used
in all your favorite films. It brings a whole new dimension
to storytelling. Well, we're bringing this capability
to iPhone in a simple and intuitive way, so you can capture cinema-style moments, even if you aren't
a professional filmmaker. And guess what,
the movie clip you just saw was shot on iPhone. And we'd love to show you more. [mysterious music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [door slams] [siren wailing] It's remarkable and so easy to use. Just start recording, and Cinematic mode
will hold focus on the subject even when they're moving. Focus transitions happen automatically
in real time, like from one subject to another. Cinematic mode anticipates when a subject
is about to enter the frame, and intelligently racks focus
to them when they do, And when a subject gazes away
from the camera, iPhone itself changes focus and then back. To create these automatic focus changes, we extensively studied the art
of cinematography and the creative choices directors
of photography make to guide the viewers' attention. We combined these learnings with computational algorithms so you can effortlessly create
cinema-grade videos. For more creative control,
you can tap to shift focus at any time. Tap again to lock
and track focus on the subject. Cinematic mode shoots
in Dolby Vision HDR. This is enabled by our Apple-custom sensor and the incredible power of A15 Bionic, which grades each frame in Dolby Vision live while you are recording. And that's Cinematic mode. Now back to Kaiann. Kaiann: iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 mini have advanced new camera systems with sensor-shift OIS, fantastic low-light performance, and Cinematic mode
also on the front TrueDepth camera. Next, let's turn to 5G. Millions and millions of iPhone users
are already experiencing 5G every day for super fast downloads and uploads,
lower latency, and new experiences on the go. And on iPhone 13, we've innovated further on custom-designed antennas
and radio components that let us add more bands so iPhone 13 works on 5G
with the latest speeds and in more places. The world is moving quickly to 5G. We're collaborating
with more carrier partners for the best call quality,
performance, coverage, and battery life. By the end of the year,
we will double 5G support to over 200 carriers
in 60 countries and regions. That means you can benefit from 5G
in more places than ever to binge watch your favorite shows
together using SharePlay on Apple TV+ and even more streaming partners
for video and music. You can be ultra competitive
in multiplayer games, share surprise greetings from a celebrity
in high res over Cameo, or take the sound at any live event
to a whole new level with Mix Halo. 5G is taking over, and iPhone 13 is ready
with the best 5G experience. Now let's talk about battery life, which is really important to our users. iPhone 13 has a faster chip, faster 5G speeds, a brighter OLED display, and the most advanced dual-camera system
ever in an iPhone. And with all these new capabilities, the iPhone 13 lineup
has better battery life. On iPhone 13 mini,
most users will experience an hour and a half hour longer
in their day than with iPhone 12 mini. And on iPhone 13,
two and a half hours longer than iPhone 12
for incredible all-day battery life. This amazing battery life is delivered
by A15 Bionic, more power-efficient components,
a bigger battery, and power optimizations from our deep
hardware and software integration, like Smart Data Mode,
which intelligently conserves battery life by automatically shifting your iPhone
to LTE when 5G speeds aren't needed. We also look at every opportunity
to improve privacy. With iPhone and iOS,
privacy is built in from the beginning. With iOS 15,
Siri uses on-device speech recognition, meaning your Siri audio requests
do not leave your iPhone by default. Intelligent tracking prevention
now prevents trackers from profiling you using your IP address. And mail privacy protection
hides your IP address and prevents senders from learning
about your mail activity. Another huge benefit of owning an iPhone
is the vast ecosystem that extends what iPhone can do. That includes MagSafe,
which we introduced last fall and has been a hit. From multi-chargers
and swiveling charger stands to cases, wallets, tripods,
and car mounts, along with our own accessories for charging,
like the MagSafe Battery Pack. For iPhone 13, we have leather,
silicone, and clear cases in stunning new colors and engineered to work perfectly
with MagSafe. We also have a new MagSafe Leather Wallet that supports Find My. You can now be notified
of the last known location where your wallet was separated
from your iPhone. iPhone 13 is loaded with new technologies, including Cinematic mode, A15 Bionic
that's faster than the competition, our most advanced dual-camera system
with sensor-shift OIS, longer battery life, 5G, and so much more. With all this,
iPhone 13 still starts at just $699. We also have some fantastic offers
from Apple and our partners, including up to $700 off in the U.S. when you trade in a qualifying iPhone. And we're increasing the starting capacity
to 128 gigabytes for double the storage
and adding a new 512-gigabyte option. iPhone 13 is impressively powerful. Let's see it in action. [upbeat music] [thunderclap] ♪ ♪ [doorbell rings] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ [dog barking] ♪ ♪ Now back to Tim. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ Tim: We are so excited for iPhone 13. With all of its power and capability, we can't wait to see
what our customers will do with it, and we're not done yet. Our Pro lineup pushes the limits
with our most advanced technologies for our users
who want the very best iPhone, best-in-class performance,
best-in-class camera experience, great durability, larger displays, and incredible design. This year,
we build on that in a major way. Let's take a look
at our most Pro iPhone ever. [dramatic pop music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ This is iPhone 13 Pro. To tell you more, here's Joz. [upbeat music] Joz: iPhone 13 Pro
features our most pro design with exceptional materials, like these surgical-grade
stainless steel bands. Each band goes through
a physical vapor deposition process to create an Apple-custom finish
that is so elegant, yet incredibly resistant to abrasion
and corrosion. iPhone 13 Pro comes
in four striking finishes, a rich, deep graphite, gorgeous gold, beautiful silver,
and this all-new sierra blue. This sierra blue
required an entirely new process, using multiple layers of nanometer-scale
metallic ceramics applied across the surface for a stunning
and very durable finish. iPhone 13 Pro has a newly designed front with a TrueDepth camera system
that's 20% smaller. On the back,
you see our incredible new camera system with beautiful stainless steel trim that perfectly surrounds
the sapphire crystal lenses of each of our three new cameras, and a beautiful textured matte glass
that feels great and shows off the stunning color. On the front,
it has our incredible Ceramic Shield that is tougher
than any smartphone glass. It also has industry-leading
IP68 water resistance. On the inside,
it's been completely redesigned to support our latest pro technologies, including the all-new camera system, incredible new display,
and a bigger battery. iPhone 13 Pro also supports MagSafe
and the ever-expanding ecosystem of really cool, new accessories. And it's joined
by the larger iPhone 13 Pro Max. Now let's talk about performance
and the powerful new A15 Bionic. As you heard from Hope,
A15 Bionic features a CPU with two new high-performance cores
and four new high-efficiency cores, and a faster Neural Engine,
as well as our new ISP, which provides improved noise reduction
and tone mapping. And for these Pro models, A15 Bionic includes
our most powerful graphics ever with a new 5-core GPU. It provides up to 50% faster graphics
performance than the leading competition. In fact, iPhone 13 Pro has
the fastest graphics performance in any smartphone ever, great for high-performance gaming and our most powerful camera features, like Apple ProRAW
and 4K Dolby Vision video. And the A15 Bionic chip's new 5-core GPU
and custom display engine combine with an amazing new display that takes
the iPhone experience even further. This year, we're proud to introduce
an entirely new Super Retina XDR display. With a new, more efficient OLED panel, the display now supports
up to 1000 nits peak outdoor brightness. That's 25% higher than last year. And for the first time,
we're bringing ProMotion to iPhone. With our latest technology,
this ProMotion display can refresh from as low as 10 hertz
to as high as 120 hertz. ProMotion is designed to respond
dynamically and match your content. The advanced, custom architecture produces
fast frame rates when you need them, and preserves battery life
when you don't. We also optimized iOS
to take full advantage of this. For example,
when swiping between apps or scrolling, the system adapts the frame rates to precisely match the speed
of the user's finger. The result is an incredibly responsive
experience that is fast and fluid. Of course,
ProMotion is also great for apps, providing more responsive inputs, smoother
graphics, and more precise gameplay. We brought in a few developers
to see what they could do with it, and the results were amazing. Joe: Alright, let’s go.
[laughs] I work on a title
called Marvel: Future Revolution. Kyle: I am the Senior Design Evangelist
for Adobe. I work on Adobe Fresco. Tommy: And I am the Founder and CTO
of Super Evil Megacorp. Catalyst Black is really a rich
and detailed world and ProMotion’s adaptive
frame rate is really unique. Because of the 120 frames per second,
you can get perfect response time. It’s about the refresh rate,
it’s about the controls. It’s almost like your fingers are
glued to the screen Kyle: A device like this changes
the game for artists everywhere. With ProMotion, it means
that I’m actually seeing the pixels move in real time. There is absolutely no lag. Joe: Super Retina XDR display allows the gamers to see further
into the distance and catch more details and surroundings. So we have all these great characters.
They need to look better than real. Tommy: The iPhone 13 Pro has one of the most powerful mobile GPUs
ever created, and with that, we can really bring all these graphics features
to the mobile device. Joe: I like that part. Tommy: The incredible combination
of A15 Bionic, ProMotion, and 5G makes the iPhone 13 Pro
the most powerful smartphone in the world, or any world, for that matter. Joz: The new Super Retina XDR display
with ProMotion comes in two great sizes, 6.1-inch and 6.7-inch. And the custom-designed OLED panels
work across different lighting conditions and content types, maintaining
incredible color accuracy and contrast. Now let's talk about the all-new
iPhone 13 Pro camera system. This is our biggest camera
advancement ever. To tell you more about it, here's Louis. [upbeat music] Louis: iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max
introduce an all-new camera system, starting with a new 77-millimeter
telephoto camera with 3X optical zoom, a new Ultra Wide camera with
auto-focus and a larger f/1.8 aperture with a 92% improvement in low light, and a new Wide camera
that has a larger f/1.5 aperture and 1.9 micron pixels
for our largest sensor ever, with up to 2.2 times improvement
in low light. So you'll get beautiful photos
in any situation. The larger sensor of the Wide offers
more light gathering for less noise and faster shutter speeds
and even longer brackets when shooting night mode photos
with a tripod. The new 77-millimeter telephoto enables
beautiful, classic portraiture photos and 3X optical zoom for photos and videos for a total 6X optical zoom range
on iPhone 13 Pro. With the new Ultra Wide,
low light photos are brighter and sharper with more details, like you see
in her dress or on the couch. The Ultra Wide camera also enables
something entirely new on iPhone, Macro Photography. Macro Photography typically uses
a special lens that can focus at close distances. The new Ultra Wide lens design
and auto-focus system enable incredibly sharp focus and can magnify subjects
with a minimum distance of 2 centimeters. So you can get detailed close ups, like of this beautiful red daisy,
the cells in this leaf, or the water droplets on this mushroom. And for the first time,
all of the cameras, including the telephoto, have night mode, which is made possible
by advanced computational photography. With tight integration between hardware
and software, our cameras can do even more. To tell you all about it, here's Rebecca. Rebecca: When tuning
the iPhone camera system, we shoot and review thousands of photos. Analyzing all of those photos allows us
to deliver features, like Smart HDR 4, which automatically brings improved color, contrast, and lighting
for each subject in a group photo, including for challenging shots like this. Our software in ISP adjusts
for different lighting, and we've made improvements
for skin tones, so everyone looks even better. We're also introducing a way
to personalize your iPhone camera with Photographic Styles. This is a feature that pro photographers
are going to love. Photographic Styles
bring your individual preferences right into our advanced image pipeline, applying local edits
like a photo editor would, but in real time as we render the photo. That means you get all the benefits of
our multi-frame image processing pipeline with the ability to customize it
in a way you could never achieve with a simple filter. Select from one of our four default styles
before you shoot. For example,
Rich Contrast for a bolder look or Vibrant for a punchier look. Each uses our deep semantic understanding to intelligently apply the right amount
of adjustments to different parts of the photo
while preserving skin tones. You can also customize the styles further
with tone and warmth, which combine multiple attributes
for a look that's all your own. Styles works across scenes
and subject types. You don't need to set it every time, so you can define your style
and use it across your photos. And that's Photographic Styles
coming to iPhone 13 Pro, and we're excited to bring it
to iPhone 13 as well. Now back to Joz. Joz: The all-new Pro camera system
combined with the power of computational photography
will allow users to capture beautiful images
better than ever before. The new iPhone 13 Pro camera system also provides
our most advanced video features. The all-new camera system,
along with Dolby Vision HDR recording, produces incredible Pro-level video. So we asked two-time Academy Award winning
director Kathryn Bigelow and Oscar-nominated
cinematographer Greig Fraser to show us what they can do
with the power of iPhone 13 Pro. [upbeat music] Kathryn:
It’s a completely integrated process now. The iPhone doesn’t require
any ancillary pieces of equipment. Like, it becomes still,
and she turns slowly. It’s the dawning realization. I thought it was a good challenge. You know, these are all genres I love. And it’s so great to kind of parachute in,
do a deep dive with the iPhone. And with so much accessibility, I think
all pretension tends to disappear. And so it makes the set and the filming
process much less apprehensive. Greig: There was no limitations to what
I could do with this particular camera. Whereas normally, everybody gets
so precious about a camera lens. It’s so expensive
or it’s so--it’s so fragile. One of the things that the iPhone
couldn’t do up until now was to create
an idea of depth from a lens. With Cinematic mode, what’s exciting is,
we can actually choose focus later. To me, that’s really bringing it up
to the professional film cameras. We can actually go ahead
and make these stories and make these films
using the tools on this iPhone. I believe that with the advent
and with the addition of Cinematic mode, we’re going to very, very soon
see filmmakers make films in a different way, which is exciting. Kathryn: It might even birth
a brand-new genre. Greig: I have no doubt it will. Just given the size
and given the ability to move this camera. Kathryn: Exactly. Greig: It will change the language
of cinema in a very positive way. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Joz: Everything you just saw,
including the behind the scenes footage, was shot on iPhone 13 Pro. With major updates across the Wide,
Ultra Wide, and Telephoto cameras, it's an incredible device for filmmaking. The new Ultra Wide camera enables
amazing macro slo-mo videos thanks to the new lens design. And the new 3X telephoto allows you
to zoom even closer to the action and offers a great new focal length
for video. This is really awesome
when using our all-new Cinematic mode, which uses machine learning
and disparity to create a depth map that's built into the video. So you can change the depth effect,
including the level of bokeh and where the focus is applied,
even after the capture. This is another iPhone first, as iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro are
the only smartphones that can do this. We also have another Pro video feature
coming later this year, and that's ProRes video. ProRes video offers
exceptionally high color fidelity and more efficient encoding for use in
pro video editing apps like Final Cut Pro. That's why it's widely used by video
editors as the final delivery format for commercials, feature films,
and broadcast. A15 Bionic adds hardware acceleration
for ProRes. And in combination with our advanced
video encoders and decoders, as well as our faster file system
and flash storage pipeline, you can now record up to 4K
at 30 frames per second in ProRes right in the Camera app. iPhone 13 Pro is the only smartphone
to provide an end-to-end pro workflow, allowing you to record and edit
in ProRes or Dolby Vision. This will transform filmmaking with a device
that can simply slip into your pocket. Next, let's talk about battery life. This is our most Pro iPhone ever
with our fastest performance, most advanced display, and most powerful camera system
ever in an iPhone. Thanks to the efficiency
of the A15 Bionic and iOS 15, as well a larger battery, iPhone 13 Pro delivers
incredible all-day battery life. iPhone 13 Pro lasts more
than one and a half hours longer in your day than iPhone 12 Pro. And the iPhone 13 Pro Max will last more
than two and a half hours longer than the iPhone 12 Pro Max. That means iPhone 13 Pro Max has
the longest battery life ever in an iPhone. The entire iPhone 13 lineup
has been carefully designed to minimize its impact
on the environment. We redesigned the packaging
to eliminate the outer plastic wrap, saving 600 metric tons of plastic. This brings us closer to our goal
of completely removing plastic from all of our packaging. iPhone uses 100% recycled
rare Earth elements in magnets and 100% recycled tin in the solder
of the main logic board. So that's iPhone 13 Pro
with our most advanced technologies: an all-new camera system
with three new cameras, ProRes video, Cinematic mode, the new Super Retina XDR display
with ProMotion, A15 Bionic with 5-core GPU, 5G, MagSafe, and incredible durability features. These iPhones push the boundaries
for what's possible in a smartphone. Even with all this
incredible technology, iPhone 13 Pro still starts at $999. And iPhone 13 Pro Max
still starts at $1,099. We also have amazing offers
from Apple and our partners, including up to $1,000 off in the U.S.
when you trade in a qualifying iPhone. And this year, we're introducing
a new 1-terabyte storage option. This is a great addition
for our Pro iPhone users. The 1-terabyte joins our 128-, 256-,
and 512-gigabyte storage options. You can pre-order all four new models
of iPhone 13 family this Friday, September 17th, and they will be available
on September 24th. So here's our new iPhone lineup, including iPhone 12, iPhone 11, and iPhone SE, starting at just $399. Now back to Tim. [upbeat music] Tim: Thank you, Joz, and thank you
to all of today's presenters. What a spectacular set of announcements. Our most popular iPad is now powered
by the A13 Bionic with a new 12-megapixel Ultra Wide
front camera with Center Stage. This is a big upgrade. iPad mini gets
a completely new all-screen design with a brilliant Liquid Retina Display, blazing fast performance
with the new A15 Bionic chip, new cameras with Center Stage,
and all new colors. This is the mightiest iPad mini yet. The new Apple Watch Series 7 has
our largest and most advanced display, optimized UI, new Watch faces,
and it's our most durable ever. It's the best smartwatch in the world. An update to Apple Fitness+,
adding Pilates and guided meditation, a new workout to get you ready
for snow season, as well as Group Workouts
to help keep you motivated. And iPhone 13
with fantastic new technologies, including our most advanced
dual camera system with Cinematic mode, A15 Bionic, 5G, brighter Super Retina XDR display, and longer all-day battery life. iPhone 13 Pro with our most
state-of-the-art technologies for those who want the most
out of their iPhone. With our biggest
camera system advancement yet including Cinematic mode
and ProRes video, the Super Retina XDR display
with ProMotion, A15 Bionic with 5-core GPU, 5G, and industry-leading durability. These are the best iPhones
we've ever created. Here at Apple, the customer is
at the center of everything we do. And we continue to innovate, designing the very best products
and services to enrich people's lives and to empower them
to do great things every day. Thank you for joining us. Stay safe and take care. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ah [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] good morning welcome back to apple park for our second event in just over a month at apple we are focused on creating innovative products and experiences products that offer our users new ways to express their creativity and to enjoy the creativity of others so today we're focusing on two important areas music and the mac let's start with music music plays such an important part in our lives it has the power to inspire lift us up and bring us together apple has forever changed the way people listen to and discover music and we continue to make it better our deep integration of hardware software and services lets you enjoy a seamless music experience with amazing sound quality on all of your devices airpods are one of the most popular music products we've ever created combined with a revolutionary iphone they bring an industry-leading wireless music experience wherever you go our powerful mac and ipad multi-speaker sound systems bring incredible audio to any space homepod mini is the best way to enjoy your music throughout your home apple watch is a fantastic way to enjoy music right from your wrist providing the soundtrack you need to stay active and fit and of course there's apple music which has over 90 million songs and 30 000 curated playlists in its global catalog this fall we're taking the apple music experience even further and here's zane to tell you more [Music] today apple music and siri deliver an effortless music experience that lets you hear pretty much anything you want by using just your voice already you can ask for your favorite songs albums or artists but there are also times when you want to find just the right music for the moment and we want to make siri more helpful with that so our music experts have created new playlists for hundreds of moods and activities now if you ask siri to put on a playlist for your dinner party you'll hear the perfect selection from leon bridges when you want to relax before bed there's a playlist for winding down featuring one of my favorite artists nils fran and when you need that extra push to take you further on your next hike you'll need the weekends take my breath these new playlists are available to every subscriber and make using apple music together with siri even easier and better naturally we want to bring this experience to more people than ever before so today we're excited to also introduce a brand new subscription plan for apple music the voice plan with this new plan use only your voice and the power of siri to access every song every playlist and every station in apple music across all your apple devices for just 4.99 a month this plan will be available starting in 17 countries and regions later this fall now everyone has three great ways to get apple music there's the individual plan the family plan and now the voice plan where you can use the power of siri to access the full apple music catalog this is apple music back to 10 we're excited that even more people will be able to enjoy apple music simply with their voice with access to virtually any song you want to hear as well as expertly crafted playlists that are perfect for any occasion apple music truly has something for everyone and one of the best ways to experience it is with homepod mini to tell you more here's dave [Music] homepod mini is a powerful smart speaker that delivers amazing sound the intelligence of siri and it's the foundation for your smart home all while ensuring your privacy and security are protected we've packed incredible innovation into a compact elegant design and today we're excited to introduce more ways homepod mini can compliment your home [Music] so [Music] homepod mini in yellow orange and blue is bold fun and adds a pop of color and personality to any space we infuse color into every element from the beautiful mesh fabric to the tinted touch surface to details like the volume icons of woven cable brighten up your home with the perfect homepod mini color in each space and enjoy music throughout the house perfectly in sync with multi-room audio hey siri play something new everywhere now playing new music everywhere get serious help with all kinds of things like creating a reminder to get what you need for your latest hobby hey siri set a reminder to buy wood blue okay jordan add it to reminders [Music] and rally everyone to the table with intercom without raising your voice hey siri tell everyone lunch is ready lunch is ready [Music] we can't wait for you to enjoy these incredible experiences and beautiful colors in your home these new colors join white and space gray and will be available for just 99 starting in november now back to time [Music] homepod mini will look great in even more places around your home and it's a fantastic way to enjoy apple music when it comes to listening to music on the go airpods deliver a magical wireless experience and they become the most popular headphones in the world we've got some exciting news about airpods and here's susmita to tell you more [Music] our users love listening to music with airpods and with special audio featuring dolby atmos in apple music airpods have never sounded better [Music] by moving music beyond the simple left and right of traditional stereo sound and into three-dimensional immersive listening spatial audio embeds you deeper into the mix than ever before [Music] spatial audio brings music to life with sounds that surround you to create something truly multi-dimensional [Music] it's a whole new way to experience your favorite music [Music] every day top artists like james blake and doja cat are releasing more songs in dolby atmos spatial audio goes beyond music when watching tv shows and movies it enables an immersive theater-like experience placing you right in the middle of the action you can enjoy spatial audio with dynamic head tracking on airpods pro and airpods max across all of your devices from iphone to ipad to apple tv and mac we want to bring the full spatial audio experience to even more of our customers so today we are excited to announce the third generation of our most popular airpods let's take a look uh [Music] [Music] [Music] these are the new airpods with spatial audio featuring an all-new design inside and out with a force sensor for more control of your music and phone calls to deliver the best sound quality we designed a brand new low distortion driver created just for the new airpods to provide powerful bass and crisp clean high frequencies whether you're relaxing to yoyoma or singing along to lizzie all the rumors are true and to keep your music going during your toughest workouts or a jog in the rain the next generation airpods are sweat and water resistant since everyone's ear shape is unique what you hear can be different from what you're intended to hear we wanted to find a way to make sure everyone has the best audio experience possible and we achieve this in two ways first with our new contour design that delivers sound directly to your ears second with adaptive eq a breakthrough feature in sound that we first made available with the airpods pro adaptive eq provides the best audio experience customized for you in real time by adjusting frequencies in the sound to match what you are hearing to how it's supposed to be heard so you can listen to olivier rodrigo's latest album just the way she intended the magical experience of airpods makes it effortless to enjoy your music throughout the day it begins the moment you open the case with the one touch setup that automatically pairs to all of your apple devices making airpods always ready when you are and to extend your experience we increase the battery life for up to six hours of listening time or if you're in a hurry five minutes of charge time gets you around an hour of use and of course the convenience of the charging case giving you an additional four full charges for up to 30 hours of total listening time to make charging your airpods even more convenient we added magsafe and wireless charging to the case these are the new airpods featuring spatial audio with dynamic head tracking and all new design our custom design driver with adaptive eq and the magical experience that our customers love we took the best selling headphones in the world and made them even better all of this for 179 we will start taking orders today and they will be available next week the next generation airpods join the world's most popular family of headphones this is our new airpods lineup starting at just 129 now back to time [Music] we can't wait for you to try the next generation of airpods and with this great lineup there is something for everyone now let's talk about the mac the mac has always been an easy to use yet incredibly capable tool that empowers users to create in new and innovative ways the tight integration of hardware and software provides a user experience that is simply unrivaled and with apple silicon that experience is better than ever we're a year into a two-year transition which started with m1 our first chip designed specifically for the mac m1 is a breakthrough it has transformed our most popular and affordable systems redefining what they can do with incredible performance and extraordinary battery life the response has been off the charts m1 has propelled back growth over the past year outpacing the industry with the mac having its best year ever and today i'm thrilled that we're bringing apple silicon to even more systems to tell you all about it here's john [Music] our pro users rely on the mac and the one they choose most is the macbook pro they choose it to develop amazing apps that enrich people's lives to create music that moves us and to make movies and shows that entertain and educate us the macbook pro appeals to people who want the most powerful mac notebook so they can change the world well today is the day that they've been waiting for because today we're completely reimagining macbook pro and it starts with the first pro chip designed for the mac [Music] this is m1 pro the next chip in the m1 family and it's a game changer now let's hand it over to johnny for a deep dive into this remarkable new chip the transition to app in silicon is all about bringing its incredible performance custom technologies and relentless focus on power efficiency to the mac and m1 has done exactly that not only has it transformed our most popular systems it has shocked the pc world m1 has been amazing for so many of our customers however there are some poor users who need even more and we wanted to build something great just for them that is what my pro is all about it's our next breakthrough chip for the mac now building apple laptop has meant using a power hungry cpu and this kit gpu but the two chip architecture requires much more power and cooling it also means the cpu and gpu have separate pools of memory so they have to copy data back and forth over a slower interface no one has ever applied a system on a chip design to a pro system until today and we did this by scaling up m1's groundbreaking architecture to create a far more powerful chip with m1 pro we started by re-architecting the chip fabric to enable the soc to scale while doubling the width of the memory interface and using faster idea this lets m1 pro deliver up to 200 gigabytes per second of memory bandwidth nearly three times m1 and its custom package supports up to 32 gigabytes of unified memory the m1 pro die is built using the industry-leading five nanometer process technology and features a massive 33.7 billion transistors that's more than twice m1 all those transistors deliver even more performance starting with a 10 core cpu with eight high performance cores and two high efficiency cores delivering up to 70 percent faster cpu performance than m1 for graphics m1 pro features 16 gpu cores eight more than in one these additional cores along with increased memory bandwidth give m1 pro up to 2 times faster graphics performance than m1 m1 pro has our industry-leading media engine that accelerates video processing while using very little power and now it pushes even further with 4s it's one of the highest quality codecs in professional video production adding forest acceleration enables m1 pro to play multiple streams of 4k and 8k porous video while using just a fraction of the power it's another key advantage of building our own silicon and finally m1-pro includes other advanced technologies for a complete pro system like a powerful engine to drive multiple displays and additional thunderbolt controllers to deliver even more io bandwidth and so much more so that's m14 building on the m1 architecture m1 pro takes the amazing performance of apple silicon to a whole new level m14 is unlike anything else in a poor computer yet we wanted to push the performance of apple silicon even further so today we're launching not one but two new chips for the mac [Music] i am thrilled to introduce m1 max this incredible chip bends on m14 and takes its amazing capabilities to new heights m1 max starts with a much higher bandwidth on-chip fabric and doubles the memory interface once again this delivers up to 400 gigabytes per second of memory bandwidth that's twice in one pro and 6 times m1 this wider memory interface lets the m1 custom package support up to 64 gigabytes of unified memory and its die has a staggering 57 billion transistors that's 1.7 times m1 pro and 3.5 times m1 it's the largest chip we've ever built by far m1 max has the same powerful 10 core cpu complex of m1 pro and doubles the gpu to a massive 32 cores giving m1 max up to four times faster gpu performance than m1 and it has an even more capable media engine with up to two times faster video encoding and two porous accelerators m1 max delivers all of this with industry leading performance per watt for apple silicon power efficiency defines system performance that's why m1 is a breakthrough when you look at its multi-core cpu performance versus power curve it continues to crush the latest 4 core pc laptop chip m1 is phenomenal and when you add an m1 pro and m1 max they deliver dramatically more performance to put that in perspective here is the latest eight core pc laptop chip m14 and one max have higher performance at every power level at their peak they deliver 1.7 times the performance of the pc chip in the same power envelope and at the peak performance of the pc chip they deliver the same performance at 70 percent less power that's a big deal now here's the gpu performance versus power curve of m1 and here's the integrated graphics in that 8 core piece laptop chip and one easily outperforms it while using significantly less power so when we add an m1 pro it's in a whole different class at its peak it's more than seven times faster now many pc laptops add a discrete gpu for better graphics performance so here is a pc laptop with a powerful discrete gpu m1 port delivers more performance while using seventy percent less power but that's not all there are compact pro laptops that have higher performing yet very power hungry risky gpus they deliver stone performance but they consume a ton of power and on a notebook when you consume that much power it means more heat noisy fans and less battery life so let's look at m1 max it delivers comparable performance while using 40 percent less power now let's compare m1 max to the chip running in the fastest pc laptop we could find it's a high-end system that is much bigger and heavier than a compact pro laptop it delivers even faster graphics performance but it also consumes a massive amount of power here m1 max delivers similar performance while using 100 watts less power this is unheard of and this remarkable efficiency means m1 max performance is outstanding plugged in or using the battery if you look at the compact pro laptop on battery its graphics performance drops significantly m1 max is up to two and a half times faster and if you look at the high-end laptop when it's on battery the drop-off in graphics performance is even more extreme m1 max is over three times faster this is one of the huge advantages that apple silicon brings to our pro users so that's m1 max scaling up the m1 architecture even further it's by far the most capable chip we've ever built simply put it's the world's most powerful chip for a pro notebook next here's kirk to tell you how mac os takes full advantage of m14 and m1 max [Music] these new chips are phenomenal by designing mac os for our own silicon we're able to take the experience of using a mac to a whole new level everything is incredibly fast and responsive apps launch instantly and my personal favorite instant wake from sleep for these new pro chips we've made improvements across the system to provide the best performance on the most demanding apps for example using pro app workload data to help optimize how mac os assigns multi-threaded tasks to the cpu cores advanced power management features intelligently allocate tasks between the performance and efficiency cores giving you both incredible performance and incredible battery life so you can compile more code or edit more video on a single charge and mac os is designed to take advantage of the unified memory architecture in these new chips so pro apps can manipulate huge images or video streams and move them between the cpu and gpu with zero copies for breathtaking performance technologies like metal let apps automatically scale with our new chips for even better performance thanks to coreml optimizations machine learning models perform on average over three times faster compared with the fastest core i9 macbook pro with some ml models performing over 20 times faster and when it comes to security m1 m1 pro and m1 max are a major leap forward with industry leading protections like hardware verified secure boot runtime anti-exploitation technologies and fast in-line encryption for all of your files next let's talk about apps with apple silicon users get way more of them and they perform better than ever every app made by apple is optimized for and runs natively on apple silicon we also have rosetta 2 so intel based apps even pro apps with plugins simply run without missing a beat and even running under rosetta applications invoking mac os technologies like metal get a big speed boost from our optimizations for apple silicon and you can run iphone and ipad apps on mac opening a huge new universe of possibilities to unlock the full power and performance of these chips apps can be recompiled to run natively as universal all of our pro apps are universal and today we're launching some exciting updates with new features and even faster performance on m1 pro and m1 max with logic pro for the first time musicians will be able to create massive spatial audio mixes on a notebook in final cut pro video analysis for the new object tracking feature is up to five times faster and in compressor prores video transcode is a remarkable ten times faster of course this isn't just about apple developers are moving fast and there are now over 000 universal apps and plugins available including lightroom classic cinema 4d capture one sketch and many more we gave some developers an early look and they were blown away by what they could do with m1 pro and m1 max let's hear from a few of them hey i'm rohit hi i'm nick my name is megan keane tools urbath my name is philip of silicon has three and a half times the transistor count four times the unified memory and six times the memory bandwidth of the m1 it's like a racing car four times the performance in davinci resolve five times faster gpu performance eight times faster prores to prores rendering performance in a typical shot for example a basketball shot you'll do primary color correction secondary color correction magic masks power windows with tracking and you can apply all this in real time this was not possible before imagine taking this performance anywhere these new pro chips allow you to create and shape the world in a playful way 4d is nearly three times faster redshift is over four times faster this completely unlocks new possibilities the first thing that comes to my mind when i think of a scale test is just spinning cubes thousands and thousands and thousands of them when you're making a game you're constantly iterating you iterate again and again and again and again the increased performance of these new pro chips mean you can make more complex scenes bigger games better games all on your laptop launching premiere pro feels super snappy auto captions what used to be fast is now like magic like it's super super super fast we're seeing improvements every step of the way like scene edit detection and that's up to five times faster now your creativity can be limitless you can be underwater you can transition into outer space into the redwoods creatives can just get back to being creative there's never been a gpu with 64 gigs ever in a notebook and it changes our entire workflow for example that 100 gigabyte starship enterprise loading it all into memory slicing through it seeing every detail of that it just hasn't been possible in any other piece of hardware if i had to summarize what m1 pro and n1 max mean to me i'd say they're life-changing whoa when we put all of this together great apps mac os and these new chips we're able to deliver breakthrough performance unbelievable battery life and phenomenal pro capabilities it's just awesome to see our vision for apple silicon truly come to life now back to john m1 pro and m1 max represent a huge leap forward in silicon for pro systems and our teams have been hard at work designing a brand new macbook pro that can take full advantage of that incredible performance and capability and the result is something truly special [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] this is the all-new completely redesigned macbook pro and it comes in two sizes a 16-inch model and for the first time a compact yet immensely powerful 14-inch model which shares the same remarkable features and capabilities the new macbook pro is a combination of groundbreaking performance with amazing battery life extraordinary display quality and advanced connectivity this is a pro notebook that simply has no equal it was designed with an intense focus on performance and utility the all-new aluminum enclosure optimizes internal space for more performance and features and it is precisely machined around an advanced thermal system it can move 50 more air even at lower fan speeds this thermal design enables macbook pro to deliver phenomenal sustained performance while operating quietly and because of the efficiency of apple silicon the fans never even have to turn on for most of the tasks you do every day and it's all in a design that's just 16.8 millimeters thin and 4.7 pounds on the 16-inch model and just 15.5 millimeters thin and 3.5 pounds on the 14 inch model now this all new design is just the beginning of the macbook pro story to tell you more here's shroopy [Music] the new macbook pro has been reimagined in every way let's start with the keyboard users value the full height function row on the standalone magic keyboard and we've brought it to the macbook pro the physical keys replace the touch bar bringing back the familiar tactile feel of mechanical keys that pro users love the keyboard is set in a double anodized black well that elegantly highlights the backlit glyphs on the keys and it's complemented by our expansive industry-leading force touch trackpad that's perfect for pro applications now let's talk about connectivity having a wide range of ports can make life a lot easier for pros so i'm excited to share that we're adding ports to the new macbook pro on one side there's an hdmi port for conveniently connecting to displays and tvs a thunderbolt 4 port which connects to high speed peripherals and an sd card slot enabling fast access to media on the other side the headphone jack now has advanced support for high impedance headphones and there are two more thunderbolt 4 ports for a total of three in the system and yes magsafe is coming back to the macbook pro magsafe 3 has a new design that supports more power into the system and you can still charge via the thunderbolt ports display support is better than ever as well with m1 pro you can connect up to two pro display xdrs and with m1 max you can connect up to three pro display xdrs and a 4k tv all at the same time that's over 75 million pixels of screen real estate and you still have ports available to connect to high fidelity headphones and camera media all without a single adapter this is the most advanced connectivity ever on a mac notebook the new macbook pro also has a breathtaking display to tell you more here's kate [Music] on the new macbook pro we're taking this stunning retina display to an entirely new level we started by bringing the sides of the enclosure closer to the active area of the display resulting in a 24 percent thinner border we also expanded the display up and around the camera making the top border 60 percent thinner giving you even more screen real estate and mac os takes full advantage of this extra space by raising the menu bar up and out of the way automatically wrapping it around the camera to give you more room for your content and it looks great in dark mode which our pro users love all together it's a fantastic user experience with this new design the displays are now larger the 16 inch model has a 16.2 inch display in nearly the same size enclosure and along with a higher pixel density it has 1.8 million more pixels than before for a total of 7.7 million that's the most ever in a mac notebook the 14 inch model has an expansive 14.2 inch active area and a total of 5.9 million pixels that's even more pixels than the previous generation 16-inch macbook pro next we're super excited to bring promotion technology to the mac with refresh rates up to 120 hertz promotion automatically adapts to the motion of your content so when your content is static the refresh rate dynamically steps down to preserve battery life and it steps up to make tasks like scrolling through web pages super fluid and video editors can still choose a standard refresh rate when they need to lock one in the display now supports one billion colors for ultra smooth gradients and for the first time it's a liquid retina xdr display so users can create edit and review hdr content with exceptional precision it was inspired by the capability of the pro display xdr and it features the mini led technology used in ipad pro which we've built into the impossibly thin display enclosure of the new macbook pro we did this by integrating the custom design mini led backlight optical films and diffusers and a cutting edge lcd panel into the display housing and the display is uncompromising in its performance the state-of-the-art backlight features thousands of mini leds arranged in individually controlled local dimming zones this enables up to an astonishing 1000 nits of sustained full screen brightness 1600 nits of peak brightness and a staggering 1 million to 1 contrast ratio this is extreme dynamic range bringing hdr content to life with unbelievable detail and shadows brilliant specular highlights even more vibrant colors and deeper blacks than ever before this new display is going to be amazing whether you're adding final touches to an image or just kicking back and watching a show in hdr this is hands down the world's best notebook display to tell you about our new camera and audio system here's trevor [Music] our users are relying on the mac more than ever to stay connected so we've doubled the resolution of the camera to 1080p and use the lens with a wider aperture that lets in more light together with a larger image sensor that has more efficient pixels the camera delivers two times better low-light performance the camera system also uses the isp and neural engine for computational video which enhances video quality so you get sharper images and more natural looking skin tones with all these advancements this is by far the best camera system ever in a mac notebook now let's talk about the audio experience first we made our industry-leading studio quality mics even better with an up to 60 percent lower noise floor which means you get crystal clear recordings that capture the subtlest sounds next the new 16-inch pro has an even better six-speaker sound system that features two tweeters and four force cancelling woofers the tweeters are nearly two times larger purifying the sound on mids and highs for a clear soundstage the woofer diaphragms are also larger and have an increased range of motion so they can now displace twice as much air this allows them to deliver 80 percent more bass it also means they go half an octave deeper revealing a range of notes you previously couldn't hear and we've brought this sensational six-speaker sound system to the 14-inch pro as well the new sound system also supports spatial audio which creates a sophisticated three-dimensional sound stage so when you're listening to music or watching a movie with dolby atmos you get a theater-like experience with studio quality mics that have an even higher signal to noise ratio and a spectacular six speaker sound system with spatial audio there's never been an audio system this good in a notebook we can't wait for you to hear it back to you shooti let's talk performance the new macbook pro pushes the limits of what a notebook can do the 16-inch model with m1 pro and m1 max has up to two times faster cpu performance than the previous generation with the core i9 this is a tremendous performance boost for compute heavy tasks like compiling a project in xcode and when it comes to graphics m1 pro is up to 2.5 times faster than the prior 16 inch model with the fastest gpu and m1 max is up to four times faster this boost is dramatic for graphics intensive tasks like rendering scenes in cinema 4d and when it comes to machine learning you'll get up to five times faster performance so things like selecting subjects within images in photoshop are faster than ever now let's look at the 14-inch model which is also configurable with m1 max our most powerful chip compared to the 13 inch model with a core i7 the 14 inch pro has up to 3.7 times faster cpu performance for graphics m1 pro delivers up to nine times faster performance and m1 max is up to an astonishing 13 times faster and ml tasks are up to 11 times faster so whether you're stitching a massive panorama in lightroom classic or rendering a complex scene with redshift the 14-inch macbook pro absolutely crushes it and it goes even further the unified memory architecture enables workflows that were previously unimaginable on a notebook even the latest pro pc laptops top out at 16 gigs of video memory macbook pro has up to 64 gigabytes of unified memory so apps have dramatically more memory for the most demanding graphics tasks no other notebook even comes close so this means that on macbook pro 3d artists can now easily work with extreme geometry and textures in scenes that the latest pro pc laptops can't even run and with the enhanced media engine on m1 max you can edit up to 30 streams of 4k prores video in final cut pro or up to 7 streams of 8k prores that's more streams than on a 28 core mac pro with afterburner and video editors can now color grade in hdr on 8k prores 4x4 video on battery when they're miles away from the edit bay finally storage is getting even faster the super fast ssds deliver up to a jaw dropping 7.4 gigabytes per second of read speeds more than two times faster than the prior gen ssds these are by far the most powerful mac notebooks ever the magic of m1 pro and m1 max is that even though they're extremely powerful they're also remarkably power efficient so pro users benefit from super fast performance whether they're plugged in or not and they benefit from extraordinary battery life so they'll get so much more done on a single charge photographers who go from capture to publish on the go will get up to two times longer battery life in lightroom classic when editing images and developers working in xcode will be able to compile four times as much code and battery life is unbelievable for everyday tasks like watching your favorite movies the 14 inch model delivers up to 17 hours of video playback which is seven additional hours and the 16 inch model gets up to 21 hours of video playback which is 10 additional hours and the longest battery life ever on a mac notebook and the new macbook pro now supports fast charge for the very first time on mac so it can charge up to 50 percent in just 30 minutes and when it comes to the environment the new macbook pro raises the bar yet again the enclosure is made with 100 recycled aluminum which brings us a step closer to our goal of using only recyclable and renewable materials and it is free of numerous harmful substances manufactured using even more renewable energy and meets apple's high standards for energy efficiency the new macbook pro is simply extraordinary it has a combination of phenomenal performance incredible battery life and groundbreaking features that set it apart from every other notebook now before i hand it back to john let's take another look at this beast of a machine we've created something wild with a fire in its belly this thing draws everything in moving silently night and day into the deepest blacks and brightest lights its eye razor sharp its sound deafening pretty [Music] dangerous so why would anyone give this beast more power you'd have to be reckless what have we done and more importantly what will you do so that's the new macbook pro we couldn't be more excited about what this groundbreaking system can do it allows pros to unleash their creativity in ways that were previously unimaginable and is for anyone who simply wants the world's best notebook when you compare the 14-inch model to the previous high-end 13-inch macbook pro you get a giant leap in performance up to seven more hours of battery life a larger display with xdr an advanced camera high fidelity audio and more ports all for 19.99 and when you compare the new 16-inch pro to the previous model you also get a massive boost in performance and capabilities for 24.99 both models are available in silver and space gray you can order it today and it'll be available next week today we've completely redefined high performance apple silicon with m1 pro and m1 max they are by far the most powerful and capable chips we've ever created and there's never been anything like them together with m1 they form an incredible family of chips that leads the industry in performance and power efficiency the new macbook pro joins a 13-inch pro with m1 to create the strongest lineup of pro notebooks we've ever offered and with this introduction we've taken another huge step forward in the max transition to apple silicon now back to tim [Music] blast off into the nebula what a huge day for the mac and our pro users these are the most powerful mac notebooks we've ever built and the best example yet of the extraordinary performance and capabilities we can deliver when we combine our most advanced apple silicon with the power of mac os today we focused on two areas very dear to us music and the mac and the creative spirit fueled by each of them at apple creativity is so incredibly important to who we are and what we do designing products that empower our users as well as enable them to be inspired by the creativity of others it helps drive our teams to continue pushing things forward to create products and experiences that enrich people's lives i'd like to take a moment to thank everyone here at apple for their unbelievable effort this year and to everyone watching thank you for joining us today please take care stay safe and have a great day [Music] you [upbeat music] [♪ ♪] Tim: Good morning,
and welcome back to Apple Park! Thank you for joining us
for our first event of 2022. Today we have some great announcements
to share. We've been working hard
to deliver new products and services that help you stay connected,
productive, and entertained. So let's start with Apple TV+. Like many of you, I've been watching
a lot of shows and movies with the time
I've been spending at home. Along with our great original series
like Ted Lasso, The Morning Show, For All Mankind, Servant,
and The Afterparty, we're working with some of the most
imaginative filmmakers in the world, and making great original movies as well, like the emotional powerhouse Swan Song featuring a riveting performance
by Mahershala Ali, who earned a lead actor nomination
from the prestigious BAFTAS. Joel Coen's
The Tragedy of MacBeth, starring Denzel Washington
and Frances McDormand. This beautiful film was nominated
for three Academy Awards, including Best Actor. Remarkably, this is Denzel's
tenth Academy Award nomination. And CODA, which was also nominated
for three Academy Awards, including Best Picture. CODA is a powerful and inspiring story,
which broke barriers with its predominantly deaf cast,
including Troy Kotsur, who became the first deaf male actor
to be nominated for an Oscar. Now let's take a quick look
at these Apple Original Films and some more incredible ones coming soon. [soft music] I have an idea. Just take a deep breath. [exhales] Are you ready? [screams] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] Is this a dagger
which I see before me? The handle toward my hand? person: How many others are out there? person: Buckle up,
it's gonna be quite a ride. [gasps] I'm the ghost of Christmas present. You mean, like A Christmas Carol? No. Well, yes. person: I found an actual lucky penny. And what did I do?
I lost it. cat: Just how unlucky are you? person: You just talked. person: The greater the spy, the bigger the lie. [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] person: So welcome to, welcome to,
welcome to, welcome to, welcome to... person: The future. Tim: We hope you'll love these
amazing movies as much as we do. They bring drama, suspense,
and joy to our lives. And with Apple TV+, we're always looking
for new ways to bring more of this to you. And with that in mind,
we've got something exciting to share. [crowd cheering] [dramatic music] [♪ ♪] announcer: Right centerfield! It is--whoa! Are you kidding me? Tim: Introducing Friday Night Baseball
on Apple TV+. Tune in on Friday nights for two games
you can only see on Apple TV+. We're really excited about this. This is going to be the best way
to watch baseball on your iPhone, iPad, Mac, and anywhere
that Apple TV+ is available. And now let's turn to our products,
starting with iPhone. iPhone 13 is incredible. It features
our powerful A15 Bionic chip. And together with iOS 15, the world's most advanced
mobile operating system, iPhone 13 delivers experiences
like Cinematic mode, ProRes video, provides all-day battery life, and powers stunning graphics
on the immersive Super Retina XDR display. In addition to all
of its great capabilities, people also love the design of iPhone 13 and its wide range of beautiful colors. So today we're introducing
two gorgeous new finishes. [hip-hop music] [♪ ♪] iPhone 13 looks stunning
in this bold new green with its precision milled back glass and color-matched aluminum edges. And iPhone 13 Pro,
in a sophisticated new Alpine Green, joins the most Pro lineup
we've ever created! You can pre-order these new models
starting this Friday, and they will be available on March 18. Now let's talk about Apple silicon. The development of Apple silicon
was inspired by iPhone and has delivered cutting-edge performance
and capabilities for many years. It continues to have a phenomenal impact
on our products and the industry. In addition to industry-leading
performance-per-watt, Apple silicon delivers
many other advancements. The custom-built Image Signal Processor
drives our dynamic camera experiences. The Neural Engine unlocks breakthrough
machine learning capabilities. The secure enclave protects the biometric
information used in Face ID and Touch ID. These are just a few of the innovations
enabled by Apple silicon that makes our products
such a huge hit with customers. And today we're bringing our extraordinary
A15 Bionic chip to another iPhone. [upbeat music] Uno, dos, tres, quatro. Tim: The new iPhone SE! From the very beginning,
we designed iPhone SE to include some of our most advanced features
and technologies, while delivering the iPhone experience
at an incredible price. This is important for our existing users
who want a smaller iPhone and a great value. It's also been an incredibly popular model
with new iPhone users. And we're continuing
to add new users to iPhone at a faster pace. In fact, this past fall, we've added more
new users to the iPhone 13 lineup than in each
of the previous five launches. And we're excited for the iPhone SE
to build on this momentum. Now here's Francesca to tell you more. [exciting electronic music] Francesca:
At the heart of iPhone SE is A15 Bionic, the same chip as in iPhone 13. Bringing this level of performance
to our most affordable phone is something only Apple can do. A15 Bionic makes
nearly every experience better, from simple things like launching apps
and scrolling through photos, to intense workloads like
processing depth information on the fly. A15 Bionic packs a powerful 6-core CPU
to handle demanding tasks smoothly and efficiently. It's up to 1.8 times faster than iPhone 8, and even faster compared to older models. This CPU is faster than all
the competition at any price. The 4-core GPU is great
for graphics intensive use cases and delivers a monumental improvement
for people upgrading. That means when you buckle up for a race
in Apple Arcade's next big release, Gear.Club Stradale, the realistic graphics make you feel
just like you're on the roads of Tuscany behind the wheel of your dream car. Apps can take advantage
of the 16-core Neural Engine, perfect for machine learning tasks and capable of 15.8 trillion
operations per second, which is 26 times faster than iPhone 8. And if you're upgrading from a phone
without a Neural Engine, it unlocks new ways to use your iPhone
that make your life easier, like Live Text. Point your camera at text,
and with a tap you can copy it, translate it,
make a call, or send an email. iPhone SE isn't just powerful.
It's beautiful, too. It features our iconic glass and aluminum
design in three fantastic colors, Midnight, Starlight,
and (PRODUCT)Red. It has a 4.7" Retina HD display
with incredible color accuracy. The display is even more protected
by the durable design, which now includes the toughest glass
in a smartphone on both the front and back. This is the same glass as the back
of iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro. And with IP67 water and dust resistance, iPhone SE is designed to last. iPhone SE has the Home Button
with Touch ID for a secure, private,
and easy way to unlock your iPhone, fill in passcodes,
and make purchases with Apple Pay. iPhone SE has even better battery life with the efficiency of A15 Bionic,
integration with iOS, our latest battery chemistry,
and internal design updates. And we're bringing 5G
to our most affordable iPhone, so iPhone SE is can take advantage
of the latest generation of technology. You get super fast downloads and uploads,
lower latency, and better experiences in more places. Like seeing family with higher-quality
HD FaceTime calls, even when you aren't on Wi-Fi, or enjoying your favorite movies
with friends using SharePlay, or playing multi-player online games. iPhone SE also has some
of our latest camera innovations. The 12 megapixel camera and A15 Bionic
create a new camera system that enables powerful
computational photography. Deep Fusion optimizes for texture
and detail in every part of the photo. Smart HDR 4 applies
individual adjustments for color, contrast, and noise
to subjects and the background. Photographic Styles
brings your preferred style automatically to the image pipeline during capture,
while preserving skin tones. The ISP in A15 Bionic
improves video quality for truer skin tones and reduced noise,
especially in lower light. iPhone SE comes with all
the incredible benefits of iOS 15, including new features like Focus to help
reduce distraction to be in the moment and an all-new Maps experience. And you'll get intelligent capabilities
that protect your privacy like on-device Siri
and on-device dictation that just weren't possible
with older phones. IPhone SE will get the latest
iOS updates for years to come. iPhone SE continues our commitment
to minimize impact on the environment. Like we did with iPhone 13, we eliminated the outer plastic wrap
from our packaging. And we use recycled materials
in the design of iPhone SE, like in the Taptic Engine, where we use
100% recycled rare earth elements and 100% recycled tungsten. iPhone SE is a fantastic new iPhone that brings the performance of A15 Bionic,
the speed of 5G, better durability, better battery life, and advanced new camera capabilities. And it starts at just $429. Pre-orders start this Friday. And iPhone SE will be available
on March 18. Now, back to Tim. [exciting music] Tim: The new iPhone SE brings
the advanced features and exceptional performance of A15
to our most affordable iPhone. It's going to be great
for existing iPhone users who want a highly capable
and compact iPhone and for new users who want to experience iPhone
for the first time. Apple silicon is a huge part
of the success of another remarkable product,
and that's iPad. The unmatched performance
and efficiency of Apple silicon enables iPad's magical experience, from its versatility and portability, to its exceptionally long battery life. It makes iPad the most powerful device
of its kind and even faster
than the vast majority of PC notebooks. We have a fantastic iPad lineup, and today I'm excited
to talk about iPad Air. We love iPad Air for being
incredibly thin, light, and powerful. And now we're taking its performance
to the next level. [dramatic music] This is the new,
even more amazing iPad Air. And to tell you all about it,
here's Angellina. [dramatic music] Angellina: The incredibly popular design
of iPad Air is super-charged
with the power of Apple silicon, so let's jump right in
and talk about performance. Whether you're a college student
taking elaborate notes, a content creator
working on your latest project, or a gamer playing the hottest titles, great performance is a key reason
users choose iPad Air. So the new Air takes
a massive leap in performance, because we're bringing
the breakthrough M1 Chip to iPad Air. That's right, this is the same M1 chip
that we brought to iPad Pro. The 8-core design of the CPU
delivers up to 60% faster performance over the A14 in
the previous generation of iPad Air. And M1's 8-core GPU delivers
amazing graphics performance, which is up to twice as fast. In fact, M1 in the new iPad Air makes it faster
than the fastest competitive tablet. And the new Air
is also up to 2 times faster than the best selling Windows laptop
in its price range, a device that is 3 times thicker
and 4 times heavier than iPad Air. So for users doing things like drawing a filter for a social media post
with Procreate, or designing the ultimate kid's bedroom
in SketchUP, the new Air will fly right through it. And with M1, the new Air becomes
a mobile gaming powerhouse. And machine learning workflows
are enhanced by the incredible 16-core Neural Engine, enabling powerful
and intuitive experiences. Like using Adobe Lightroom
to intelligently select the sky from the foreground with just a tap
so you can edit seamlessly. And these experiences really come to life on the Air's gorgeous
Liquid Retina display with its P3 wide color, True Tone, 500 nits of brightness,
and anti-reflective coating. Another big update for iPad Air
is the front camera, because it will now feature
a 12 megapixel Ultra Wide camera, which means it supports Center Stage! This has been hugely popular
for connecting with friends, colleagues, and loved ones. And this means that now,
all iPad models feature Center Stage. Next, with its ultra portable design, we know users need fast wireless
connectivity when they're on the go. That's why we're bringing
ultra-fast 5G to iPad Air. Perfect for when you're doing things
like using SharePlay to watch movies with your friends
wherever you are. And to support fast connection
to drives, docks, and cameras, we're increasing the performance
of the USB-C port. It is now twice as fast, so transferring large photos
or videos is even quicker. And iPad Air is compatible
with amazing accessories that make it even more versatile. Like the Smart Keyboard Folio
and Magic Keyboard, which delivers a fantastic trackpad
and typing experience. iPad Air also supports
Apple Pencil 2nd generation, which users absolutely love
for drawing and taking notes. And of course, driving the entire
iPad experience is iPadOS. iPadOS 15 is packed
with powerful new features like enhanced multi-tasking, Quick Note, and SharePlay,
which make iPad even more capable. And with the new version
of Swift Playgrounds, users can build and submit apps
to the App Store right on iPad. A new release of iMovie is perfect
for aspiring filmmakers working on their latest masterpiece or for users who are just getting started. The new storyboards feature helps users
create finished videos by using curated shot lists, transitions,
and music for a polished result. It's a great new release
that will be available next month. And we continue our commitment
to the environment. The new Air has a number of components
with 100% recycled materials, like the aluminum in the enclosure, tin in the solder of the main logic board, and rare earth elements in the enclosure
and audio magnets. We're really excited about
the new iPad Air. Let's take a look. [moody upbeat music] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] So this is the new iPad Air. And it comes in a gorgeous array
of colors, Space Gray, Starlight, Pink, Purple, and a stunning new Blue. It will be available starting
at the same great price of $599. This is an incredible price
for such a powerful device. It comes in both 64 and 256 gigabyte
configurations and it will be available in
both Wi-Fi and cellular models. You can begin ordering Friday and it will be available March 18. With the supercharged performance of M1, ultrafast 5G, and Center Stage, we think you're going to love
the new iPad Air. Back to Tim. [hip-hop music] Tim: With the addition of M1,
iPad Air is now more powerful, more capable,
and simply more fun than ever. Next, let's talk about the Mac. Apple silicon has transformed the Mac
over this past year. Its incredible performance,
custom technologies, and cutting-edge power efficiency
have ushered in a new era for the Mac. We've transitioned nearly every product
in the Mac lineup to Apple silicon. And each of these products
has blown away users and shocked the PC industry. When we introduced the MacBook Pro
and MacBook Air with M1, our customers no longer had to choose between incredible performance
and amazing battery life. They could have it all. And Apple silicon has enabled us
to design products we never could have imagined before, like the remarkably thin
and powerful new iMac made possible by M1. And the newest MacBook Pro with M1 Pro
and M1 Max has completely redefined what pros expect from a notebook. It simply has no equal. Customers are absolutely loving
these systems. In fact, every quarter since we started
shipping M1-based Macs has been record-breaking and we've outpaced the industry growth
during this time. And we're not stopping there. To tell you how we're going to take Mac
even further, here's John. [exciting electronic music] John: Apple silicon has had
a profound impact on the Mac. Every chip in the M1 family
has been groundbreaking, allowing us to make the world's
best personal computers for our users. And now we're going to take
the next giant leap. Because today we're bringing Apple silicon
to users who need even more extreme levels
of performance to unleash their creativity. We're adding one last chip to the M1
family, and it's gonna blow your mind. Here it is. [dramatic electronic music] Introducing M1 Ultra. It is a monster of a chip. And it brings breathtaking levels
of performance to the Mac desktop. So let me hand it over to Johny
to tell you more about its incredible architecture. [exciting electronic music] Johny: M1 Ultra is the next breakthrough
for Apple silicon. So far, we've scaled Apple silicon
for the Mac from M1 to M1 Pro to M1 Max. And with each chip,
we've extended the architecture to deliver phenomenal performance, while maintaining
remarkable power efficiency, and scaling
the unified memory architecture. This approach has also provided
a consistent developer programming model across the M1 family. And now we want to take Apple silicon
even further to achieve more extreme levels
of performance for the desktop. The challenge is that there are
physical limitations in creating a larger die than M1 Max. The leading approach is to use two chips
and connect them via the motherboard. However, that approach
has significant tradeoffs, including increased latency, reduced bandwidth and much higher
power consumption. This also burdens developers
with the need to change their code for this architecture. So with M1 Ultra,
we did something truly groundbreaking. And it actually starts with M1 Max,
the most powerful SoC we’ve built to date. With its high-performance CPU,
massive GPU, and tremendous unified memory bandwidth,
M1 Max is incredibly capable, and its amazing performance is delivered while maintaining
industry-leading power efficiency. Yet it's even more capable
than what we’ve shared. You see, M1 Max has a secret. A hidden feature
we haven’t talked about until now. It has a groundbreaking die to die
interconnect technology that allows us to scale even further
by building M1 Ultra from two M1 Max die, which doubles performance. And we connect the two die with our innovative, custom-built
packaging architecture. This multi-die architecture is way ahead
of anything else in the industry, and we call it UltraFusion. The UltraFusion architecture
uses a silicon interposer that has twice the connection density
of any technology available. It connects over 10,000 signals and provides an enormous 2.5TB/s of low latency, inter-processor bandwidth between the two die
using very little power. That’s more than 4 times the bandwidth of the leading multi-chip
interconnect technology. The result is an SoC
with blazing performance due to low latency, massive bandwidth,
and incredible power efficiency. And thanks to the magic
of the UltraFusion architecture, it behaves like a single chip to software and preserves the benefits
of the unified memory. M1 Ultra has 114 billion transistors. That’s 7 times more than M1. It’s the most ever
in a personal computer chip. And when you add it to the M1 family, you can see the huge difference in area
between M1 and M1 Ultra. This multi-die architecture also supports
a higher bandwidth memory subsystem. In fact, with two die,
the memory bandwidth is increased to a massive 800GB/s. That’s more than 10 times
the latest PC desktop chip. And doubling the memory channels
also means M1 Ultra supports up to a staggering 128GB
of unified memory for enormous workloads. M1 Ultra also offers an unbelievable
amount of compute performance. It has a powerful 20-core CPU with 16 high-performance cores and 4 high-efficiency cores to crush CPU intensive tasks. It also features a huge 64-core GPU, so it can speed through
the most intense graphic tasks. It’s nearly 8 times M1. M1 Ultra has 32 powerful
Neural Engine cores that can run up to 22 trillion operations
per second to accelerate the most formidable
machine learning tasks. And it has twice the capabilities
of the amazing Media Engine in M1 Max for unprecedented ProRes video encode
and decode throughput. Power efficiency affects
the entire system, including enclosure design, thermals,
acoustics, and, ultimately, performance. So the industry leading performance
per watt of M1 Max and M1 Ultra is a huge advantage for a desktop. M1 Max delivers similar
multithreaded CPU performance to the latest 10-core PC desktop chip while using 65% less power. And when we compare M1 Ultra to the fastest 16-core
PC desktop chip available, it delivers 90% higher performance
in the same power envelope. And M1 Ultra can deliver the PC chip’s
peak performance while using an astounding 100W less power. When we look at GPU performance and power, M1 Max delivers similar performance
to one of the most popular GPUs while using 1/3 the power. And M1 Ultra delivers faster performance
than the highest-end GPU available while using 200W less power. M1 Ultra provides industry-leading
desktop class performance and power efficiency, allowing us to deliver
incredible performance in a much smaller, more efficient design. So that’s the groundbreaking M1 Ultra. It’s the most powerful and capable
chip ever for a personal computer. Now, back to John. John: M1 Ultra takes Apple silicon
further than ever. It’s another game-changing chip
for our pro users. Now, one of the things that makes
Apple silicon so unique is how tightly it integrates
with the operating system. This integration enables macOS
to scale with M1 Ultra, allowing it to automatically benefit
from M1 Ultra’s immense capabilities, delivering another big step forward
in performance. It also enables us to deliver
an amazing experience for our users. Everything is super fast
and incredibly responsive, and the system and user data are protected
with industry-leading security. The transition to Apple silicon has delivered the largest collection
of apps ever for Mac, including iPhone and iPad apps,
which can now run on Mac, and universal apps that unlock the full power
of the M1 family. And new apps with unbelievable performance
continue to be released every week. We’re thrilled with how well
this transition is going. And because M1 Ultra looks like
a single piece of silicon to software, apps will benefit
from its extraordinary capabilities without any additional work. Let’s hear what some of our developers
have to say about it. Anna: What? 128 gigs of RAM? Joy: There is no delay.
It’s just a toggle. Like a light switch. Ruby: You don’t actually have
that time to stir your coffee because the file just opens. And you’re like "Oh, okay.
Let’s get to work!" Anna: Hi, I’m Anna, and I work at Ableton
as a software developer. Victoria: Principal product manager
at Adobe for motion graphics. Ruby: I’m Ruby at Vectorworks. Elly: I’m Elly Wade, and I work at Maxon. Larissa: Larissa Supnik.
I’m the lead Sapphire developer. Joy: 3D designer, and I specialize
in fabric simulation. Victoria: What we’re really seeing
with the M1 Ultra is a faster workflow from very first launch
all the way through the final export. The UI is more fluid. Previewing is faster. If you can speed up
every one of those loops, you keep people in their creative flow. Larissa: Getting that kind
of performance change between generations is pretty amazing. Joy: Now a designer can say, “I want this change and I want
to do this,” and do that instantly. Elly: Scene rendering
is up to 4 times faster. And now with these new performance speeds,
I can take it to the next level. You’re only limited
by your own imagination. Whether it is photo realistic renders or whether it is millions of objects
flying everywhere. Ruby: Everything just flows. One of the things
that you’ll really notice is the navigation in the 3D environment. It’s all very responsive and it creates
this uninterrupted experience. Larissa: With the 270S Sapphire effect, being able to get effects
that users love using so much of the time faster is phenomenal. Anna: You could just keep putting layers
on top of layers and more layers. Joy: The fabric simulation is faster now. So I’m able to see little subtle details. Little things like puckering, gathering,
pulling of the fabric, when I wasn’t able to see that before. Victoria: Does it feel buttery smooth?
There’s an emotional component to it. Anna: M1 Ultra seems very unimpressed
with the load I ask it to handle. Now, you could add more wave table
synthesizers together and that contributes
to the richness of your sound. There’s more room for improvisation.
DJ sets become more expressive. Ruby: People are going to be able to really push the bounds
of their creativity. Victoria: You can actually trust that your
stuff’s going to get done on a deadline. Joy: Now we’re going to have designers
from different backgrounds, different voices, different experiences, being able to have a seat at the table. Anna: The answer
to “what’s going to happen” is, "I don’t know," and that’s exciting. [dramatic music] John:
The combination of M1 Ultra and macOS cranks up the performance of Mac
yet again. So now let’s talk about where we’re going to use
this incredible new chip. Today, we’re going to focus on the place where so many people create
their life’s best work, the studio. A studio is where creators
like designers, scientists, and developers change the world. Whether it’s in a home or an office, each studio is unique, customized with the tools
that complete the user’s workflow, and for many, the Mac plays
a pivotal role in this space. With the transition to M1,
we’ve provided these users with two great desktops,
iMac and Mac mini, which have remarkable performance
and entirely new capabilities. Yet there are some users
who want even more so they can push the limits
of their creativity. First, they want breakthrough
performance and capability to turn their studio
into a creative powerhouse. Next, they want a wide range
of connectivity for peripherals that are key
to their studio workflow. And finally, many want
a modular system and display so they can create their perfect setup. So that’s what we’re introducing today,
something totally new that gives our users
exactly what they need to build the studio of their dreams. And here it is. [dramatic music] [energizing hip-hop beat] [♪ ♪] This is Mac Studio and Studio Display. Mac Studio is an entirely new Mac with the unbelievable performance
of our most powerful Apple silicon, M1 Max and M1 Ultra. And the Studio Display is
the perfect complement to Mac Studio, with a phenomenal set of features and that integrated experience
Mac users love. So let’s dive in,
starting with Mac Studio. And to tell you all about it,
here’s Colleen. Colleen: Mac Studio is a breakthrough
in personal computing. It’s unlike anything
you’ve ever seen before. It’s the first computer
to put outrageous performance, extensive connectivity,
and entirely new capabilities into an unbelievably compact form
that lives right on your desk, where it’s always within easy reach. Mac Studio is going to completely
transform studio workflows everywhere. Let’s start with its design. With the power and efficiency
of Apple silicon, we were able to totally reimagine what a high-performance desktop
could look like. The exterior is machined
from a single aluminum extrusion, with a footprint of just 7.7 inches square and height of only 3.7-inches, so it takes up very little space
and fits perfectly under most displays. Inside, every element was designed
to produce an unprecedented amount of performance
in such a small form factor. The innovative thermal system begins
with a unique double-sided blower pulling air into the system,
across the entire circumference of the perforated aluminum base. The air moves over the custom circular
power supply and through channels precisely placed to guide it
to the chip’s thermal module. Finally, the air is propelled through
a low-impedance rear exhaust containing over 2,000
precisely-machined perforations. And due to the efficiency of M1 Max
and M1 Ultra, the sound is so minimal. For most workloads,
you’ll barely even hear it. With this remarkably compact
and quiet system within arm's reach, you get easy access to essential
connectivity throughout the day. So next, let's take a look at the
high-performance I/O Mac Studio provides. On the back,
there are four Thunderbolt 4 ports to connect displays
and high-performance devices, a 10 Gigabit Ethernet port,
two USB-A ports, an HDMI port, and a pro audio jack
for high-impedance headphones or external amplified speakers. WiFi 6 and Bluetooth 5
are built in as well. And since many users frequently connect
and disconnect devices, like portable storage, we also put connectivity on the front,
for even easier access. Systems with M1 Max have two USB-C ports, providing 10 gigabits per second
USB-3 data transfer. And with M1 Ultra, these ports are
Thunderbolt 4, with up to 40 gigabits per second
data transfer speeds. There’s also an SD card slot
to easily import photos or video. And Mac Studio offers
extensive display support, for up to four Pro Display XDRs,
plus a 4K TV, driving nearly 90 million pixels. With this wide array
of advanced connectivity, you can configure your studio
to your exact needs. Now let’s take a look at the unprecedented performance
Mac Studio will deliver. When you compare Mac Studio
to our most powerful Mac desktops, the 27-inch iMac and Mac Pro, it takes performance
to astonishing new heights. Let’s start with Mac Studio with M1 Max. For CPU performance, Mac Studio
with M1 Max is up to 2.5 times faster than the fastest 27-inch iMac, and its 50% faster than Mac Pro
with a 16-core Xeon processor, our most popular configuration. Graphics performance on Mac Studio
with M1 Max is also tremendous. It’s up to 3.4x faster than the fastest graphics
on the 27-inch iMac. And it even outperforms Mac Pro
with its most popular graphics card. Mac Studio is over 3x faster. Mac Studio with M1 Max
is the high-performance machine many of our users have been waiting for
to take their workflows to the next level. And Mac Studio with M1 Ultra takes performance
to a whole other dimension. The CPU performance on Mac Studio
with M1 Ultra is up to 3.8x faster than the fastest 27-inch iMac. And it’s up to 90% faster
than Mac Pro with 16-cores. We can even compare
Mac Studio with M1 Ultra to Mac Pro with 28-cores. It’s up to 60% faster. That is incredible. And graphics performance on Mac Studio
with M1 Ultra just crushes 27-inch iMac. It’s up to a remarkable 4.5x faster. It even exceeds Mac Pro
with its fastest graphics card. Mac Studio is up to 80% faster. Now, in the same way that MacBook Pro shattered the limits of graphics memory
in a laptop, Mac Studio will do the same
for the desktop. The most powerful workstation
graphics card available today offers 48GB of video memory. With M1 Max, you can access
up to 64GB of unified memory. And with M1 Ultra, you get
up to 128GB of unified memory for enormous graphics tasks. No other graphics card comes close. And when it comes to storage, the SSD in Mac Studio delivers
up to a super fast 7.4GB per second of performance and up to 8TB capacity. Today, more and more cameras
are capturing ProRes video, from the iPhone 13 Pro
to the Sony Venice cinema camera. With M1 Ultra’s
extraordinarily powerful Media Engine, Mac Studio can play
an unprecedented 18 streams of 8K ProRes 422 video. There is no other computer
in the world that can do this. To sum up this game-changing performance, Mac Studio with M1 Max is up to
3.4x faster than our fastest iMac. It’s a huge upgrade for 27-inch iMac users looking to move
to more powerful Apple silicon. And for those looking
for the most extreme performance, Mac Studio with M1 Ultra
is up to 80% faster than our top of the line Mac Pro. So now let’s take a look
at how this unprecedented performance is going to transform the studio. With the breakthrough capabilities
of Mac Studio, users can completely reimagine
their workflows and push their creativity
further than ever. For musicians, Mac Studio powers
the digital audio workstation they’ve been dreaming of. They can bring their most complex
compositions to life with hundreds of tracks, plug-ins,
and virtual instruments all played in real-time. 3D studios have new,
breakthrough capabilities with Mac Studio. Artists can now interact fluidly
with more extreme geometry and run complex particle simulations
in a fraction of the time. They can even work
with massive environments that were previously impossible to render. For software development studios,
Mac Studio is an absolute monster. Engineers can now build new versions
of their code in warp speed and run more automated integration
and testing than ever. Mac Studio brings staggering performance
to the photo studio. Photographers can capture and edit
huge gigapixel images composited with hundreds of layers, and export final images for publish
in a flash. And Mac Studio is a powerhouse system
for video studios. Colorists can add more corrections
to their project while maintaining fluid playback. Editors working on multi-cam projects can play more streams of 8K video
than ever before. And encoding video for final delivery
is faster than ever. The performance and capability
that Mac Studio brings to so many studios
is going to change everything. There’s never been a desktop like it. And when it comes to the environment,
Mac Studio raises the bar yet again. It uses far less energy than competitors
to deliver its extraordinary performance. Over the course of a year,
Mac Studio will use up to 1,000 kilowatt-hours less energy
than a high-end PC desktop. Mac Studio is also free
of numerous harmful substances. It uses 100% recycled rare earth elements
in the magnets and recycled tin in the solder
of the main logic board. So that’s Mac Studio, featuring M1 Max and the new M1 Ultra, the most powerful chip ever built
for a personal computer. Mac Studio will supercharge the workspace
with breathtaking performance, unleashing your creativity
like never before. Now, we designed Mac Studio
together with the Studio Display, to complete
the ultimate studio experience. And to tell you more, here’s Nicole. [exciting music] Nicole: The Studio Display
is in a class of its own. Along with a gorgeous screen,
it’s loaded with incredible features that no other desktop display can deliver. And it provides that integrated experience
Mac users love. Let’s start with the design. Studio Display has an all-screen design
with narrow borders. Its all-aluminum enclosure houses an advanced set of features
in a slim profile, and the stand allows you
to tilt the display up to 30 degrees. To customize Studio Display
for your workspace, you can also choose a tilt-
and height-adjustable stand option, which has a counterbalancing arm that makes the display feel weightless. There’s also a VESA adapter option that lets you mount the display
in landscape or portrait orientation. Studio Display
features an expansive screen that has a 27-inch active area with a total of 14.7 million pixels
at 218 pixels per inch, making it a 5K Retina display. And with 600 nits of brightness,
P3 wide color, and support for over a billion colors, it brings images to life
with spectacular detail. It also has True Tone
for a more natural viewing experience, plus an industry-leading
anti-reflective coating, for better comfort and readability. And for studios with bright light sources, there’s an innovative nano-texture
glass option that scatters light
to further minimize glare, while delivering
outstanding image quality. Another thing
that makes Studio Display unique is the fact that it actually has an A13
Bionic chip inside, which enables it to deliver
amazing experiences with a highly advanced
camera and audio system. There’s a 12-megapixel Ultra Wide camera, which is the same sensational camera
that's been a huge hit on iPad. And powered by the incredible
technology in Apple silicon, it supports Center Stage, which comes to the Mac
for the very first time, so video calls are so much more engaging. And to make this the ultimate
video conferencing display, it also includes
an array of studio-quality mics. They have an especially low noise floor
for crystal-clear calls. Studio Display also features
a high-fidelity six-speaker sound system that delivers
an unbelievable listening experience. It has four force-cancelling woofers
that minimize distortion and produce bold, articulate bass and two high-performance tweeters
that create accurate mids and crisp highs. And because Apple silicon can process
multi-channel surround sound, the speakers also support Spatial Audio for music and video with Dolby Atmos, creating a truly cinematic
viewing experience. Simply put, these are, by far,
the highest fidelity speakers we’ve ever created for the Mac. And this is the best combination
of camera and audio ever in a desktop display. Next, let’s talk about how Studio Display
connects with your other devices. It has three USB-C ports that deliver
speeds up to 10 gigabits per second. So you can connect peripherals, storage,
and networking right into the display. And there’s a Thunderbolt port,
which allows you to connect Studio Display and any plugged in peripherals to your Mac
with a single cable. That same cable delivers 96W of power, which allows you to charge
any Mac notebook, and it can even fast charge
a 14-inch MacBook Pro. And you can connect up to three
Studio Displays to your MacBook Pro, creating an incredible edit bay
or 3D animation studio. Finally, to complete your setup, we’ve added a new
silver and black color option to the Magic Keyboard with Touch ID, the Magic Trackpad, and the Magic Mouse, which beautifully complement
the design of the display. Studio Display has also been designed
to minimize its environmental impact. It uses 100% recycled rare earth elements
in all magnets and is free of numerous
harmful substances. It also meets our high standards
for energy efficiency. So that’s the all-new Studio Display. No other display has this unique offering
of 5K Retina resolution and advanced camera with Center Stage and incredibly high fidelity audio, all in a refined, aluminum design. And it’s a great display to pair
with any Mac, like MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, Mac mini, and of course, Mac Studio. Now, before I hand it back to John, let’s take a look at Mac Studio
and Studio Display in action. [intense music] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [whistling] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [echoing boom] [gasps] John:
So that’s Mac Studio and Studio Display. With incredible performance,
extensive connectivity, and a modular design, Mac Studio with M1 Max starts at $1,999, And Mac Studio with M1 Ultra
starts at $3,999. No other desktop in the world can offer this level of performance
and capability at this price. And the Studio Display,
with its awesome set of features, is $1,599, and it can be configured
with nano-texture glass and a choice of stand options. You can order both products today and they’ll be available on March 18. Today, we built upon
the amazing capabilities of M1 Max with the introduction of M1 Ultra. With its UltraFusion architecture,
powerful CPU, massive GPU, and staggering memory bandwidth, it’s the next giant leap
for Apple silicon. And we introduced Mac Studio,
which was designed to put all this groundbreaking performance
right on your desk. Together with the Studio Display, these products will empower users
to create the studios of their dreams and continue to change the world. And they join the rest of our incredible
Mac lineup with Apple silicon, making our transition nearly complete, with just one more product to go, Mac Pro, but that is for another day. Now, back to Tim. [exciting music] Tim: We've had
an extraordinary relationship with the world's creative community, and the Mac has been such
an important tool for these users. We're excited to bring them
an entirely new system-- Mac Studio and Studio Display-- and to see all of the amazing things
they will do with it. It's remarkable to think
about the profound impact Apple silicon is having on the Mac
and our other products. The A15 Bionic drives
the most powerful phones in the world: iPhone 13 and iPhone 13 Pro. And today we introduced
two striking new green finishes. The new iPhone SE,
our most affordable iPhone, is also now powered by
the incredible A15 Bionic chip. The new iPad Air
takes a big leap with the M1 chip, as well as 5G, Center Stage,
and beautiful new finishes. It’s truly remarkable
what Apple silicon makes possible. It delivers industry-leading performance,
technologies, and advancements, and the seamless integration
of hardware and software enables us to provide experiences
that no one else can. We look forward to seeing
what our users will do with all of these incredible products and the impact they will have
on people’s lives. Thank you again for joining us. Have a great day. [upbeat music] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] [♪ ♪] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim Cook:
Good morning, and welcome to WWDC. We have a big day of announcements about our latest technologies
and platforms. These platforms,
and the products they drive, deliver amazing experiences for our users and provide developers
with incredible opportunities so they can use their superpowers
to innovate, create, and collaborate, making apps
that continue to change the world. And WWDC is designed
to give this community what they need to do their very best work. We love to support our developers
beyond WWDC with comprehensive world-class support
and other important initiatives. We just opened our brand-new
Developers Center across from Apple Park where developers can engage
with our engineers. And to reach our global community, this past fall we introduced our first
online Tech Talks for developers to learn more about our new technologies and directly connect with Apple engineers in live sessions
and one-on-one office hours. We are also committed to cultivating
the next generation of developers, including efforts to reach
underrepresented communities. So our developer academies teach
students the fundamentals of coding as well as the other necessary skills to find and create jobs
in the app economy. There are 17 around the world including the academy in Detroit
we founded in October as a part of Apple's Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative. And in Saudi Arabia, we launched our first
developer academy for women in February. Our Entrepreneur Camps provide developers
from underrepresented communities with mentorship, inspiration,
and insights from Apple. The first camps were for female founders,
and this past year, we expanded the camps
to reach Black and Latin founders. Alumni have gone on
to secure major funding and see great success on the App Store. These ongoing efforts empower
all developers with the tools, technologies, and inspiration
to change the world for the better. Last year, many millions of developers
engaged in WWDC, and we expect millions more
to join us again this year. In fact, we're excited to say
we've grown our developer community to over 34 million Apple developers. We have a huge week ahead of us,
with an amazing online experience, including sessions, labs,
and digital lounges, which will all be available for free
to our developers. Today, we're going to push
our platforms further than ever for our developers and our users. So let's get started
by sending it over to Craig. ♪ ♪ Craig Federighi: I'm really excited about
what we have to show you today. But first, let's head downstairs. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Now, let's talk about iOS. Together with iPhone,
iOS helps you get so much done, whether you're at home or on the move. And the next release, iOS 16,
offers new intelligence, sharing, and communication features
that are going to enhance so much of what you do with your iPhone. And those come together with an incredible
set of new personalization features that will make your experience
feel fresh and completely you. Let's get started
with the all-new Lock Screen. The Lock Screen is the first thing you see
every time you pick up your iPhone. It's a place where you can check
the date and time, look out for key messages, and launch the camera
to quickly capture the moment. And it's just as much
a place for personalization, where so many of you put a photo
that makes iPhone uniquely yours. In iOS 16, we're bringing the biggest
update ever to the Lock Screen, completely reimagining
how it looks and works for you. Let's take a look. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Craig: The new Lock Screen remains
undeniably iPhone, while also giving you new ways
to make it more personal, beautiful, and helpful than ever. Let me show you. Here's my Lock Screen. You'll notice the subtle depth effect with my daughters appearing
in front of the time. I really love it. Now, if I just press and hold,
I can personalize it further. I'll just tap Customize,
and now I'm in the editor. Now, check this out. I can simply swipe
to try out different styles that automatically change
the color filter, the background, and the font for the time,
all to complement each other. These look really beautiful. So let's go with this one. Now, of course,
if I want to change anything, it's easy to dial it in further
to get it just the way I want it. All I need to do is tap on any element
of the Lock Screen to start editing. So let's customize the font. I can audition different typefaces and choose from different colors. And I like this color.
I'll just adjust the shade a little bit. I think this looks awesome now. Now, I can also make my Lock Screen
more helpful by putting widgets
right on the Lock Screen. So let me move the girls down here and tap in to bring up the widget gallery. And these are really useful
for getting information at a glance, like upcoming calendar events. So I'll add the temperature, my Activity rings,
and let's drag in the calendar widget. Now, this is great. And what's even better is,
I'm not limited to just one. Let's create another. I can bring up
our brand-new wallpaper gallery, which showcases
a bunch of options for inspiration. And there are plenty to choose from here. So much room for personalization,
with millions of combinations. With Photo Shuffle, I can choose a set
of photos to shuffle throughout the day, And we also have Suggested Photos, intelligently curated
from my personal library, like the best shots of family
that look great on the Lock Screen. Now, this is an awesome one
to add to my collection. Now, I've created
a bunch of other Lock Screens, and by simply swiping,
I can switch between them. It's amazing the range you can create. Here's Weather,
which shows live weather conditions like a downpour and lightning. I just love this animation. Here's a really cool emoji wallpaper and our Pride wallpaper. And here's one
from our Astronomy collection. Watch how it animates fluidly
as I swipe into the Home Screen. So cool. So that's a quick look
at the all-new Lock Screen. And for developers,
WidgetKit makes it quick and easy to put glanceable information
from their app here as well. The new Lock Screen is so beautiful,
we wanted to make sure that you can always enjoy it,
even if you get a lot of notifications. Sometimes, notifications can
cover up your personal photo. So we've rethought how they appear. Notifications now roll in from the bottom
of the Lock Screen as you receive them, and you can choose to hide them
throughout the day. Now, sometimes you get
a bunch of notifications from an app, like when you're following
the score of a basketball game. Well, now
there's a better way to keep tabs with something called Live Activities. Live Activities make it easier
to stay on top of things that are happening in real time
right from your Lock Screen. And for developers, starting in an update
to iOS 16 later this year, they can use the Live Activities API to create these compact
and glanceable experiences. This will make it really easy
to follow that NBA game, track the progress of an Uber ride, see how you're doing
on your workout, and more, all while letting the other elements
on the Lock Screen shine. One of the most popular activities
for many of us is listening to music. And now with Live Activities,
the Now Playing controls can expand to a full screen view that celebrates
album art while you listen along. So that's the all-new Lock Screen. There are some really powerful ways
these updates tie together and build upon what we introduced
last year with Focus. Focus has helped people reduce
distractions and stay in the moment. And this year, we're taking it further, starting with extending Focus
to your Lock Screen. This means your choice
of a photo and widgets can all be tied to a particular Focus. And now that you can have
multiple Lock Screens, you can match them to the appropriate
Focus throughout your day. You can have a dedicated one
for when you're in a Work Focus, with widgets showing your upcoming meeting
or to-do list. Or, with just a swipe,
you can activate your Personal Focus. All of your corresponding
notification settings apply, and it extends to your Home Screen too. So now you can elevate
your favorite apps or widgets for keeping up with friends and family. And now, your Focus can also carry
into the apps themselves, with Focus filters, which let you
filter out distracting content. Let's take Safari, for example. Instead of seeing all of your websites, you can turn on the Work Focus filter
and see only the tabs that relate to work. And you can filter
not just tab groups in Safari, but also conversations in Messages,
accounts in Mail, and events in Calendar. And for developers, we have a new API so they can help you focus
in their apps as well. These updates to Focus
can help you draw boundaries and find balance throughout
all of the moments in your life. Now, let's talk about
what's in store for Messages. Hundreds of millions of people
rely on Messages every single day. It's integral to how we communicate
with the people who matter most. And now, we're adding three of the most
highly-requested features to Messages. First, have you ever sent a Message
only to immediately realize you didn't quite say what you intended? Well, no worries. Because now you can edit
any message you just sent so embarrassing typos
can be a thing of the past. Second, have you ever wished
you'd never sent that message at all? Well, good news–now you have undo send, so you can immediately recall
a recent misfire. And finally, you can now mark
any thread as unread, a perfect tool if you don't have time
to respond in the moment and want to be sure
to come back to a message later. These three features are going to make
a big difference in how you use Messages every single day. Messages makes texting easy and efficient,
and it's also a great way to share. Last year, we introduced Shared with You,
which takes things like photos, links, and music that your friends share
with you in Messages and highlights them right in the app
where you'd like to enjoy them later. And for developers, we're really excited to make Shared with You
available with a new API. So when someone sends you a funny video,
a worthwhile article, or a recipe that you don't have time
to check out in the moment, it'll be there waiting for you
the next time you open that app. And when it comes to sharing in real time
with others, people are loving SharePlay. It's stellar for enjoying
shared experiences while connecting over FaceTime. Like watching TV shows,
listening to music, or breaking a sweat
to a synced up workout. So many of your favorite apps
are using SharePlay to create shared experiences, like listening to bedtime stories together
with Better Sleep or playing a rowdy game of Heads Up,
no matter how far apart you are. And this year,
we're making it easier to discover all of these awesome SharePlay experiences
from within your FaceTime call. With just a tap, you can jump
into SharePlay-supported apps that you already have on your phone,
or discover new experiences that you can share with your friends. And to give you more opportunities
to enjoy shared experiences, we're extending SharePlay beyond FaceTime
and bringing it to Messages. This was the number one request
from developers. Now when you find something
you want to share, like a movie on Disney+,
you can kick off SharePlay right there and enjoy it together
while chatting in Messages. You can watch in sync,
and you've got the same instantaneous shared playback controls
that make SharePlay magical. So whether you're using SharePlay
for your weekly movie night or marking a message unread
so you can respond later, Messages has everything you need
to connect with ease. And we're making it that much easier
to compose Messages with some updates to Dictation. To tell you more, here's Robby. Robby Walker:
Dictation lets you type just by speaking and can be much faster
than typing with the Keyboard. This is why it's so popular for taking
notes, sending messages, and more. In fact, Dictation is used
over 18 billion times each month. And it's designed to protect your privacy. Thanks to the Neural Engine,
Dictation can happen entirely on-device. Today, we're excited to introduce
an all-new on-device Dictation experience that lets you fluidly move
between voice and touch. Let's take a look. We'll use our new dictation experience
to send an email. Now, when I start dictating,
the keyboard stays open, so I can switch
between using voice and touch. I can even select text using touch
and replace it with my voice. Just by speaking. Are you sending a longer message? Dictation automatically adds
punctuation to the text. "That's so cool! Mind blown emoji!" Automatic punctuation
and emoji dictation also work when you send messages with Siri. And this year, we're making it easier
to use Siri with apps. There are over 15,000 apps
that work with Siri using SiriKit and Siri Shortcuts. And today, these require manual setup. So we're introducing a new developer API built using the Swift programming language
called App Intents. Now shortcuts work with zero setup so you can use Siri to get things done
with supported apps. Now let's talk about another feature
powered by intelligence: Live Text. Live Text is so useful because it's deeply integrated
across the entire OS, letting you interact with text
in images across the system, from Camera and Safari
to Notes and Screenshots. And this year, we're excited
to take this integration further by bringing Live Text to video. Now you can pause a video
on any frame and interact with text just like you can today with photos. It's great for copying code samples. We're also accelerating the things you do
with Live Text with quick actions. So now you're just a tap away
from converting currency and translating a foreign language. And for an even richer
translation experience, you'll be able to use Live Text
while in the Translate app, with our new camera view. This will be great for when you have
lots of text to translate. And for developers, we're also excited
to announce a Live Text API. Soon you will be able to grab text
straight from photos and videos in apps like Vimeo. And photos are about more than just text. That's why last year
we introduced Visual Look Up, a feature that recognizes objects like
pets, landmarks, plants, and more, and gives you rich information
about what's in your images. And this year we have a new feature
that takes image understanding further. Now when you touch and hold
on the subject of an image, you can lift it away from the background
and place it in apps like Messages. It feels like magic. It's actually the product
of an advanced machine learning model which is accelerated by CoreML and the Neural Engine to perform
40 billion operations in just milliseconds. Together, Live Text and Visual Look Up
continue to unlock rich and useful information
from your photos and videos across iOS, iPadOS, and macOS. Back to you, Craig. Craig: These intelligence features
help you get things done with ease. And another app that makes life easier
is Wallet. To tell you about what's new in Wallet,
I'll hand it over to Corey. Corey Fugman:
With Apple Wallet, we're working hard on our goal to replace
your physical wallet. Take what we're doing
with driver's licenses and ID cards. We're excited to have launched
Maryland and Arizona, with 11 additional states
actively working on deployments. And the first locations
now accepting Wallet IDs are select TSA security checkpoints. You'll also be able
to securely present your ID to apps requiring identity
and age verification. To protect your privacy, only the
necessary information will be shared. So rather than providing
your exact birthday, you can simply share that you are over 21. Now, let's talk about Keys. Our growing suite of keys in Wallet
makes it easy to access everyday places like your home, car, hotel, and office,
all with just your iPhone. And now we're making sharing keys
even easier with your favorite messaging apps
like Mail, Messages, or WhatsApp. When your friend receives the key,
they can add it to their Wallet with a single tap. And to let you share keys with people
who don't have an iPhone, we're working with the IETF to make
sharing keys an industry standard that is free for others to adopt. We are seeing tremendous enthusiasm
from our partners, with more of them signing on to support
keys for all of the places you visit. Now let's talk about Apple Pay,
one of the most important areas of Wallet. We've made a lot of progress
with Apple Pay acceptance in stores and online,
and now we're expanding even further. Starting this month
with Tap to Pay on iPhone, millions of merchants across the U.S.
can accept contactless payments directly on iPhone with no additional
hardware or payment terminal needed. Beginning with apps
from these payment providers, Tap to Pay on iPhone enables
small merchants and large retailers to use iPhone to securely accept payments. In addition to expanded acceptance,
we're also enhancing Apple Pay to support new types of payments. So we are thrilled to announce
Apple Pay Later. Apple Pay Later lets you split the cost
of an Apple Pay purchase into four equal payments
spread over six weeks with zero interest
and no fees of any kind. And Apple Pay Later is available
everywhere Apple Pay is accepted in apps and online. You can now get that espresso machine
you've wanted and pay for it over time
with no additional cost. For developers and merchants,
Apple Pay Later requires no integration. It just works using their
standard Apple Pay implementation. Upcoming payments are managed
through Wallet, making it easy to keep track
of what's due when and to stay within a budget. And after you've placed your order, we have another brand-new feature
that helps you track it. Apple Pay Order Tracking enables merchants to deliver detailed receipt and tracking
information directly to Wallet, making it easy to get
the latest information on all of your Apple Pay orders delivered
securely and privately to your device. Apple Pay Order Tracking will be
offered at millions of merchants through eCommerce platforms
starting with Shopify. So that's our Wallet update.
Back to you, Craig. Craig: With ID cards available
in more locations, new ways to use and share keys, Apple Pay Later,
and Apple Pay Order Tracking, Wallet makes life so much easier,
no matter where you go. And the best way to get wherever
you're going is with Maps. So let's get out of here
to talk about what's new. ♪ ♪ We're building the best map to help you
navigate and explore the world. We've launched our redesigned map
in ten countries and regions, and we're excited to announce
that later this year, we'll bring the new map to 11 more,
including France, Switzerland, and New Zealand. Our new map includes great features like
cycling, Look Around, and so many more. And with the new city experience,
we pushed it even further with unprecedented detail for landcover,
roads, and elevation, as well as improved driving
and transit navigation. And we're adding Las Vegas,
which looks stunning. And before the end of the year,
we'll add six more cities including Miami, Chicago, and Sydney. To tell you more about what's new in Maps,
here's Meg. Meg Frost: With iOS 16,
we're introducing great updates for Maps users and developers. Let's start with one of our most
requested features: multistop routing. You can now plan
up to 15 stops in advance. Maps will now store previous routes
in Recents so they're easy to get back to and you can plan multi-stop routes
on the Mac and send them to iPhone
when you're ready to go. And, of course,
when you're driving, you can ask Siri to add additional stops
to your route while safely keeping your eyes
on the road. Next, let's talk about
getting around with transit. We're making it easy
for riders to see fares for how much their journey will cost along with the ability
to add transit cards to Wallet. And if a transit card balance is
running low , you'll receive an alert so you can reload it
without having to leave Maps. And for developers,
we're making big improvements to MapKit, starting with our
revolutionary new city experience which includes rich details for landcover,
roads, landmarks, and more. Developers like Bird can now integrate
this detailed map so users can more easily locate bikes
and scooters to get around town. And it looks stunning
in both Light and Dark Mode. And there's more. We're also bringing Look Around to MapKit, making it easy to integrate
high resolution imagery from Maps into apps like Zillow, helping users get an immersive
ground-level view while browsing homes. And finally, we're excited to announce
that later this year, developers will have faster
and more flexible ways to build incredible Maps experiences
with brand-new server-side APIs. And that's a quick look at Maps. Back to you, Craig! Craig: Now, let's talk about sports. Sports can bring people together
in meaningful ways, whether a heated rivalry among friends or a whole town rooting for their team. And at Apple, we want to create great
experiences for sports fans everywhere. To tell you more, here's Rubie. ♪ ♪ Rubie Edmondson: Today, there are many
ways to keep up with your favorite sports, like being able to ask Siri
about players or teams or see live games,
no matter where they're streaming. And now with Live Activities,
the Apple TV app brings you scores and play-by-play action
right on your Lock Screen. We also recently premiered
Friday Night Baseball on Apple TV+ where you can stream
two great games every Friday. And today, we have another major update
for sports in Apple News. Apple News is the number one news app
everywhere it's available, and it's about to become amazing
for sports fans. You can now follow your favorite teams
and leagues to get stories from hundreds of the best publishers
in an all-new section called My Sports. You'll also find scores, schedules,
and standings for the top professional and college sports leagues,
and highlights too. Now you can catch the best plays from your
favorite teams right in your news feed. And your favorites are seamlessly synced
with the Apple TV app and across all your Apple devices. This new sports experience is free. It'll be available in the U.S.,
UK, Canada, and Australia. And when you subscribe to Apple News+, you'll get premium sports coverage
from many local newspapers. That's Sports.
Back to you, Craig. Craig: iOS and the entire Apple ecosystem
are amazing for families, and we have some great new features
to talk about, starting with some updates
to Family Sharing. With Family Sharing,
you can share your favorite purchases and subscriptions with up to five
of your family members, including Apple Music, iCloud+,
Apple One, and much more. Everyone gets personalized access
to their favorite content without having to buy their own
subscriptions or share an account. And for households with kids,
you can create accounts just for them with built-in parental controls
to help you monitor their screen time or approve their purchases. And this year, we're making it even easier
to create accounts for kids and make sure the right parental controls
are in place right from the start. We're adding a new, easy way
to set age-appropriate restrictions for apps, movies, books, and music. Along with quick setup
of other important parental controls. We're also making setting up
a new device for your child– like an iPad–really simple. Just turn on the device they'll be using,
bring your iPhone nearby, and choose to set up with Quick Start. With just a few taps, the new device
will be set up for their use with all the parental controls
you've selected already configured. And when your child asks
for more screen time, you won't have to navigate to Settings
to approve or deny their request. You can now respond right in Messages. Finally, we've added a new
Family Checklist with helpful tips like updating a child's settings
as they get older, turning on location sharing, or just reminding you that you can share
your iCloud+ subscription with everyone. So those are some of the helpful updates
to Family Sharing this year. Now, as we all know, one of the things everyone enjoys sharing
with their family is photos. So this year, we're introducing a better
way to share photos with your family. Our precious memories are
often captured by several people and in between personal photos of hobbies,
house projects, and homework, we have photos on our device that
everyone in the family would like to have. But no one has all of them, so the family's memories
are never complete. Until now. We're introducing
iCloud Shared Photo Library to help you share photos seamlessly
and even automatically. It's easy to set up. It's a separate iCloud library
that everyone can contribute to, collaborate on, and enjoy. You can participate in one shared library that's shared
with up to five other people. We've made it simple to share just
the photos you want from your library. You can share everything
already in your library, or choose what to include based on
a start date or the people in the photos. For example, you can choose
to include just the photos where you were together with your partner
and the kids. Once the Shared Library is set up, you can manually move over new photos
after you take them. But we wanted to make it even easier
with a new switch right in Camera that sends shots straight to
the Shared Library as you take them. This is great when you're on a vacation
and you want to make sure the photos are shared right away. And if you take a photo
of something personal, like a gift, you can easily turn it off. You can also choose to have
the sharing switch enabled automatically whenever you take shots with other
members of the Shared Library nearby. So if you take photos on a camping trip,
you don't have to remember to share them later. You'll also receive intelligent
sharing suggestions in the For You tab. Everyone has equal permissions
for adding, editing, and deleting photos in the Shared Library. So if one member of the group
is a talented photo editor, everyone gets to enjoy their edits
to the shared photos. Deletions, captions,
and keywords sync too. Content in the Shared Library
will appear in everyone's Memories, Featured Photos, and in the Photos widget. So you can relive your family's adventures
that include all the photos. That's iCloud Shared Photo Library: the best way to share photos
with your family. And last, let's talk about privacy. We're always working hard to protect
our users and their privacy, with features like App Privacy Report,
Mail Privacy Protection, App Tracking Transparency,
Privacy Nutrition Labels, and so many more. Another critically important area
is protecting our users' personal safety. One way we're doing that
is by adding a new tool to help people quickly turn off
others' access, for example, disabling location sharing if
they're escaping an abusive relationship. It's called Safety Check. To tell you about it, here's Katie. Katie Skinner:
Many people share passwords and access to their devices
with their partner. However, in abusive relationships,
this can threaten personal safety and make it harder for victims
to get help. We've been working closely
with organizations that support victims of domestic
and intimate partner violence. And the result of those conversations
is Safety Check, a new section in Settings where you can
quickly review and reset the access you've granted others. This lets people in abusive situations
quickly revoke an abuser's access to their data and location, enabling them to cut ties
and get to safety. Safety Check stops sharing your location
with others via FindMy and resets the system privacy
permissions for all apps. It also protects access to your messages
by helping you sign out of iCloud on all your other devices and restricts Messages and FaceTime
to the device in your hand. Safety Check also helps you manage
who you've given access to. And you can audit which permissions
you've granted to certain apps. We've received some really positive
feedback on our approach, including from
the National Center for Victims of Crime who said: "In times of crisis,
for many survivors, "it's important to know
who has their information and location. Safety Check helps
give control back to survivors." This is important work, expanding the ways
iOS helps you stay safe. Now, back to you, Craig. Craig: Protecting you and your privacy
is and will always be at the center of what we do. iOS 16 offers so many updates that will
change the way you experience iPhone. iOS also extends that experience
beyond the phone, to enhance how you interact
with the world around you. Whether helping you through
your morning routine or keeping you connected
on your next road trip, iOS has you covered. This year we're bringing exciting updates
to your home and your car. To tell you what's new in the home,
here's Corey. ♪ ♪ Corey Wang: Our home is perhaps
the most important place in our lives, and there's a lot to manage. Smart home accessories can make it easier and more convenient to control your home
right from your iPhone. You can do things like see who's
at the door while working at your desk, or turn off the lights downstairs
without getting out of bed. And when you're away from home, you can double-check
if the front door is locked or adjust the temperature
so it's just right when you get back. And your smart home
is all the more powerful when your accessories work together,
reacting to changes automatically. Now, the smart home is still
in its early days, and we want to help bring
these powerful experiences to as many homes as possible. In order to build a connected
ecosystem at home, it's important that you have
the most choice so you don't have to worry
about what works with what. With that in mind, we joined forces
with other industry leaders to create a new smart home
connectivity standard. It's called Matter. Matter enables smart home accessories
to work together across platforms. And to ensure we stayed true
to our values, we contributed HomeKit,
our smart home framework, as a foundation of this new standard, so it's built on the same core principles and maintains
the highest level of security. Industry-leading brands have
already committed to supporting Matter, with over 130 products in the pipeline,
and that's just the beginning. The Matter standard provides
the underlying foundation to connect smart home accessories,
and it allows us to innovate on top of it. We take privacy further, ensuring that data about how you use
your accessories is processed and stored by default in a way
that even Apple can't see. With Matter, we can continue to create
amazing experiences in the Home app while also making sure
all your different accessories are consistently simple to set up
and easy to use. And now that you’ll have more
accessory options to choose from, let's check out how we made
the experience even better with an all-new Home app. We reimagined it from the ground up
starting with the underlying architecture so it's more efficient and reliable, especially for homes
with many accessories. We also completely redesigned
how you navigate, organize, and view accessories to make it easier
to control your smart home. We've integrated your rooms and favorites
into the main tab of the app. So you can see your entire home
in a single view. And we made sure it looks great,
whether you're just getting started or have built out
an advanced connected home. We added new categories for climate,
lights, security, and more and an overview of what's happening
in each category right at the top of the screen. And categories are a great way
to navigate within the app. When you tap on a specific category,
you see all the relevant accessories organized by room
and more detailed status information. A multi-camera view displays up to
four cameras at once front and center, and you can scroll to the right
to see any additional cameras. We also redesigned tiles
so that different accessories are more visually recognizable
through shape and color. And with the new widgets
on the Lock Screen, it's easier than ever to see how your home is doing. So that's the all-new Home app,
and it's coming to iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Now that you have what you need
to keep tabs on your home, you're ready to hit the road. Let's hand it off to Emily
to talk about CarPlay. Emily Schubert: CarPlay is the smarter,
safer way to use your iPhone in the car and has fundamentally changed the way
people interact with their vehicles. It's available
on over 98% of cars in the U.S. What's more, 79% of U.S. buyers would only consider a car
that works with CarPlay. It's a must-have feature
when shopping for a new vehicle. Our users love CarPlay. It gives them an easy way
to use apps in the car, using the familiar UI from their iPhone. But cars have changed a lot, with larger-sized screens
and more of them throughout the car. There's an opportunity for iPhone
to play an even more important role. We've been working with automakers
to reinvent the in-car experience across all of the driver's screens. Let's take a sneak peek
at this next generation of CarPlay. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ There's so much to explore here. Let's take a closer look. This next generation of CarPlay provides
content for all the driver's screens, giving an experience
that is unified and consistent. It's the very best
of both your car and your iPhone. And it goes beyond what you can do
with CarPlay today. Deep integration with the car's hardware
lets you tune your car's radio or change your temperature without ever
leaving the CarPlay experience. It also includes widgets,
powered by your iPhone, that fit your screens perfectly. They can live front and center
in the gauge cluster as well, giving you information at a glance. In fact, this next generation of CarPlay
powers your entire instrument cluster. To do this, your iPhone communicates with your vehicle's real-time systems in an on-device, privacy-friendly way, showing all of your driving information
like speed, RPMs, fuel level, temperature, and more. And no matter what type of unique
screen shapes or layouts you may have, this next generation of CarPlay feels like it was made specifically for your car. We're also excited to give you the ability to make the core of the driving experience
unique to you. We carefully crafted
instrument cluster options ranging from the modern
to the traditional, that use different colors, dial treatments, backgrounds, and layouts to provide various looks and feels. You can choose different curated themes
and styles for your gauges. And automakers
from around the world are excited to bring this new vision of CarPlay
to customers. This is just a taste of what
the next generation of CarPlay will bring. Vehicles will start to be announced
late next year, and we can't wait to show you more
further down the road. And now, I'll hand it back to Craig. Craig: And that's iOS 16, a mighty release that gives you
entirely new ways to make iOS your own. It also helps you stay in touch with ease,
engage with the world around you, and seamlessly share experiences
and memories with your family and friends. And that's just the beginning. We've also made a big advancement
in Spatial Audio with AirPods. Now, Spatial Audio works by understanding
how sound interacts with the geometry of your head and ears. And now, in iOS 16, you can use
the True Depth camera on iPhone to create a personalized
Spatial Audio profile, enabling an even more precise and immersive listening experience,
tuned just for you. Plus, Quick Note is coming to iOS
so you can capture ideas instantly. A new rapid security response mechanism gets important improvements
to iPhone faster, and you've got more Memoji customizations
to choose from. And there's so many more features to meet
your needs no matter where you are. Now, I’ll hand it over to Kevin to tell you about the big new advancements
coming to Apple Watch. ♪ ♪ Kevin Lynch: Let's talk about watchOS. Apple Watch continues to be
the most loved watch in the world, because it helps you stay connected,
active, and healthy. In watchOS 9 we're bringing great
new features to each of these three areas. First, you can stay connected
to what matters to you most just by glancing at your wrist, whether you use
the popular Photos watch face, or a face with rich complications. And we're adding four new watch faces
for you to choose from. The Astronomy face has been remastered to
take advantage of the expansive display, and shows current cloud coverage
around the world. The Lunar calendar is used
to observe traditional holidays and special events in many cultures. The Lunar watch face celebrates
this thousand-year-old practice with support for Chinese,
Islamic, and Hebrew calendars. Play Time, designed by artist Joi Fulton, features whimsical animated numbers. You can tap the display
to send them bouncing around, and when you lower your wrist,
they take a nap. Finally, Metropolitan highlights
watch typography with a new font that dynamically stretches
when you rotate the digital crown, and features
many lovely color combinations. Rich complications enable you to see
more information in a small space, and we're bringing these
to more of our watch faces. watchOS 9 also introduces a refreshed
Siri UI and new banner notifications. And active apps will be pinned
to the top of the Dock for quick access. Another way to stay connected
is by listening to the latest stories, or sharing your favorite content. With watchOS 9,
the Podcast app allows you to discover and follow new podcasts
using Search and Listen Now. And the app is now available to kids
using Family Setup. For developers, sharing content and
selected images from apps like Outcast and WeChat is easier with the new
Share Sheet and Photos Picker APIs. And with CallKit, you can start,
end, or mute VoIP calls from apps like Webex directly on Apple Watch. That's some of what's coming
in watchOS 9 to keep you connected. And now to Craig to tell you
what's coming to keep you active. Craig Bolton: The Workout app
is one of the most popular apps, so in watchOS 9,
we're bringing new easy-to-use metrics, views, and training experiences
inspired by high-performing athletes, starting with running. It's a sport that,
no matter what your level, you can use metrics to better understand
your performance. And switching up your training
can reduce the chance of getting injured. The first thing we're doing is adding
three new running form metrics to track how efficiently you run. Measuring these from the wrist isn't easy. Take vertical oscillation for example, which is a measure of how much
you move up and down. If it's too high, your energy
might be wasted going up versus propelling you forward. In order to capture this from the wrist, we need to extrapolate your torso movement from the distinctive style
of your arm swing. We use machine learning
and sensor fusion– a combination of accelerometer
and gyroscope– to isolate your torso movement, and then measure how much
vertical oscillation is produced. We use a similar approach to measure
the two other Running Form metrics– stride length and ground contact time. These metrics can be added
to new easy-to-read Workout views. Each Workout view
lets you see more at a glance. Scroll the digital crown to see new views for familiar metrics like segments, splits, and elevation. And we're introducing heart rate zones so you can quickly see
what zone you're in and get a sense of your intensity level
at any point during your workout. There's also a new custom workout that you can use
to add structure into your run. For example, if you are trying
to improve your speed or endurance, you can create a workout
using distance and time intervals that include sets of work and recovery
which you can repeat as needed. You can also add one of the new alerts
to a specific part of your workout– like one to monitor which heart rate zone
you want to train in to help keep you on track. During your run,
these alerts will guide you with both haptics and voice feedback, letting you know when to switch
between work and recovery and when to pick up the pace
if your heart rate falls below the target zone that you set. During your run,
you can use the Digital Crown for additional workout views
like this new power metric. Running with a power target
can help you go the distance by keeping your effort in a range
that you can reasonably sustain. You can even see how this workout
is contributing to your Activity rings. And if it's a route you do often,
it will be automatically saved in the Workout app for you to race
against your last or best time. That way, you can see if all the training
you're doing is paying off. You can use many of these new features
not just when you're running, but for many workout types like Hiking, HIIT, and Functional Strength Training. And for our triathletes,
there's a new multi-sport workout type that uses sensor fusion to detect
when you finish one leg of your race and are transitioning to the next. So it can automatically switch
between swimming, cycling, and running. That's just some of what's coming
to the Workout app in watchOS 9. Since the first Apple Watch,
we've been inspired by the stories we hear from users who stay motivated
by closing their Activity rings each day. We also know there are many
iPhone users who want to meet their fitness goals
but don't yet have an Apple Watch. So in iOS 16, the Fitness app
will be available to all iPhone users. Using the iPhone motion sensors, you can track steps, distance, flights climbed,
and workouts from your favorite apps, which can be converted to
an estimation of your active calories to contribute to your daily Move goal. You'll also be able to share
your Move ring with friends and receive coaching tips. While Apple Watch gives you a picture
of your all-day activity, we're excited to bring some of
the Fitness app benefits to iPhone users to get them started
on their fitness journey. Now, I'll hand it off to Sumbul
to tell you what's coming in watchOS 9 to help keep you healthy. Sumbul Ahmad Desai:
The Sleep app has helped millions of you by providing insights
into how much sleep you're getting along with metrics like heart rate, respiratory rate, and blood oxygen. In watchOS 9, you'll be able to learn more
about your sleep with Sleep Stages. Apple Watch uses signals from
the accelerometer and heart rate sensor to detect which stage of sleep you're in. Machine learning models
were trained and validated against the clinical gold standard
of polysomnography with the largest and most diverse population
ever studied for a wearable. You can see how much time
you spent in each stage, as well as when you might have woken up. You'll see more details in the Health app
where you'll learn that each sleep stage–
REM, Core, and Deep– perform an essential function. And as you sleep, you're likely to cycle
through these stages multiple times. Researchers are still looking
into what happens during sleep and how it impacts your health. We want to help push forward
the science of sleep, so Apple Heart and Movement Study
participants will now be able to contribute sleep stage data
through the Research app. With the large scale of this study, we are
excited about the potential discoveries. That's what's new with sleep. Another area where Apple Watch
has an impact is heart health. We hear from so many of you who have
received an Atrial Fibrillation alert and sought potentially-life saving care. So we also wanted to offer support
once you've been diagnosed. When living with this condition,
it's important to understand the time you spend in AFib
because it may relate to your risk of serious complications,
such as stroke. watchOS 9 can now track the amount of time your heart shows signs of this rhythm
with AFib History. And in the Health app,
you can manage lifestyle factors that may influence the amount of time
you spend in AFib like exercise, sleep, and weight. AFib History even helps you identify
the time of the day or week when your AFib is most frequent. You can also share a PDF with your doctor
to facilitate richer conversations. AFib History
is a first-of-its-kind feature that uniquely provides insights
into your AFib over the long term. We expect to receive FDA clearance
for AFib History soon. Apple Watch makes some
of the more complicated aspects of your health more intuitive. And this year, we're tackling
another integral aspect of health for so many of us–Medications. Over 50% of people
take prescription medications, and we wanted to help make it
easier to track, manage, and understand
the medications that you take. So in watchOS 9, the Medications app
makes it easy for you to discreetly and conveniently track your medications, vitamins, and supplements anytime. You can log medications
that you might take occasionally like Cetirizine for allergies. And you can receive notifications
for medications that you need to take regularly. Rich complications on your watch face
can help you stay on top of your schedule. And of course you can track and manage
your medications in the Health app, even if you don't have an Apple Watch. To build your medications list, start typing the name,
and you'll see suggestions. We wanted to make
creating the list easier, especially if you take
multiple medications. So you can just use your iPhone camera
to scan the label of your medication. You can create a schedule
to receive reminders and add custom visuals
to make it easier to remember. Another important aspect of medications
is drug-drug interactions, which can make them less effective
or cause side effects. In the U.S. alone,
drug interactions cause nearly a quarter of a million
hospitalizations each year. To help you with this, you'll receive
an alert when you add a new medication if there is a critical interaction. We've partnered with Elsevier,
a leading medical publisher, to provide clinically accurate
and evidence-based information across the Medications experience. You'll be able to review critical,
serious, and moderate interactions as well as interaction factors
like alcohol. Medications also works
with Health Sharing, which is updated in iOS 16. You can now send a family member
an invitation to share their health data with you. This is another way that you can support
a loved one on their health journey and have peace of mind, too. Now back to Kevin. Kevin: Your health data is some of
your most personal information, and privacy is central to how we build
and design features for Apple Watch. Health data is encrypted on device and is not shared without
your explicit permission. You'll also now be periodically reminded
of what health data you're sharing and who you're sharing it with. There's so much more in watchOS 9, including support for six
new keyboard languages, a new way for developers to connect
their watchOS apps to Apple TV, and with Family Setup,
kids can now control home devices right from their wrist. watchOS is the world's most advanced
wearable operating system, and watchOS 9 takes it further with new features
to help you stay connected, active, and healthy. Back to Craig. Craig: I'm so excited for watchOS 9 and can't wait to get it
into the hands of our users. Next, to show you what's new with Mac,
here's John. ♪ ♪ John Ternus: We couldn't be more excited by how well the Mac transition
to Apple Silicon is going. It all started with the launch of M1,
which brought a whole new level of performance, capabilities,
and battery life to the Mac. We've already transitioned
nearly the entire Mac product line. Users have been blown away
by the phenomenal capabilities of these new systems
powered by the M1 family of chips. And the Mac business
has never been stronger. Well, today we're excited to start
the next generation of Apple Silicon for the Mac. Introducing... M2. It takes the breakthrough performance
and capabilities of M1 even further. To tell you more,
I'll pass it over to Johny. Johny Srouji: Today we begin our second
generation of Apple Silicon designed specifically for the Mac. The M-Series chips deliver a scalable
range of performance and capabilities. It began with M1's
breakthrough set of features that transformed our most popular systems. M2 starts the second generation
of M-Series chips, and goes beyond the remarkable features
of M1. Unlike others in the industry
who significantly increase power to gain performance,
our approach is different. We continue to have a relentless focus
on power efficient performance. In other words, maximizing performance
while minimizing power consumption. Combined with our unified memory
architecture and custom technologies, this focus on power efficiency
allows M2 to bring even more performance and new capabilities
to our most popular Macs. M2 is built using an enhanced, second-generation
five nanometer technology, and features over 20 billion transistors: that's 25% more than M1. We use those transistors to enhance
every feature of the chip, starting with the memory controller which delivers
100GB/s of unified memory bandwidth, which is 50% more than M1
for even greater performance. And because M1 is so capable,
users run all sorts of demanding tasks. So for M2, we've enabled
up to 24GB of unified memory to handle even larger
and more complex workloads. M2 features our next-generation CPU, with advancements in both
the performance and efficiency cores. The performance cores are faster
and feature a larger cache, and the efficiency cores
have been significantly enhanced for even greater performance gains. Together, they rip through CPU-intensive
tasks using very little power. When we look at the multi-core
CPU performance of M2 compared to M1, it delivers 18% greater performance. And compared to the latest
10-core PC laptop chip, the CPU in M2 delivers nearly
two times faster performance at the same power level. And M2 delivers the peak performance
of the PC chip while using a quarter of the power. Now let's compare M2 to the latest 12-core
PC laptop chip, which needs dramatically more power to deliver an increase in performance. So it's in a thicker, hotter,
more noisy system with less battery life. M2 delivers nearly 90% of the peak
performance of the 12-core chip while using just a quarter of the power. This is what we mean
by the power efficient performance of Apple Silicon. M2 also features our next generation GPU, which now has up to 10 cores–
that's two more than M1. Combined with a larger cache
and higher memory bandwidth, the 10-core GPU delivers a big boost
in graphics performance. M2 delivers up to 25% higher
graphics performance at the same power level as M1 and up to 35% higher performance
at its max. And compared to the integrated graphics
in the latest PC laptop chip, the GPU in M2 delivers 2.3 times faster
performance at the same power level. And M2 delivers the peak performance
of the PC chip using just one-fifth of the power. This much higher performance
per watt from M2 enables systems to run cool and quiet
with exceptional battery life. Now, one of the advantages
of making our own silicon is that we can quickly bring
our newest custom technologies across our SoCs. So M2 also features our next-generation
Secure Enclave and Neural Engine. The Neural Engine in M2 can process
up to 15.8 trillion operations per second. That's over 40% more than M1. It also has
our next generation media engine, including a higher-bandwidth video decoder that supports 8K H.264 and HEVC video. And M2 features our powerful
ProRes video engine for hardware accelerated
encode and decode. So systems with M2 will be able to play
back multiple streams of 4K and 8K video. So that's M2. It starts our next generation
of M-Series chips, with an 18% faster CPU, 35% faster GPU, 40% faster Neural Engine, and 50% more memory bandwidth. It takes the amazing performance,
capabilities, and efficiency of M1 even further. Now, back to John. John: The fact that we're already starting
our next generation of Apple Silicon for the Mac is remarkable. So now let's talk about
the first Mac to get the M2 chip. We're thrilled that it's
our most loved Mac– the MacBook Air. Users love MacBook Air
for its great performance, portability, and battery life. It defined the category
of thin and light notebooks. And with M1, it redefined
what a thin and light notebook could do. Today, it's more popular than ever. In fact, MacBook Air is
the world's best-selling laptop. Apple Silicon enables us to design
products we never could have imagined, which is why we're so excited
to introduce an all-new MacBook Air, completely redesigned around M2. And here it is. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ John: This is the new MacBook Air,
powered by M2. And to tell you all about it,
here's Kristin. Kristin White: The new MacBook Air takes
everything our users love about the Air to the next level. The wedge shape of the previous Air
has evolved into a new design that's strikingly thin from every angle. The durable,
all-aluminum unibody enclosure feels incredibly solid when you hold it
and is built to last. And this remarkably thin design
integrates its components so efficiently that it results in an astonishing 20%
reduction in volume over the previous Air. The new Air is just 11.3mm thin, or under half an inch,
and it's only 2.7 pounds. MacBook Air now comes in four finishes: Silver, Space Gray, a gorgeous Starlight,
and a stunning Midnight. And yes, MagSafe is back
for dedicated charging and peace of mind when you're plugged in. And it keeps
the two Thunderbolt ports free for connecting
to a variety of accessories. There's also an audio jack with support
for high-impedance headphones. This all-new design
is incredibly portable, and it's loaded with new features, starting with a brilliant
Liquid Retina display. We expanded the display closer
to the sides and up around the camera to make room for the menu bar. The result is a larger 13.6-inch display
with much thinner borders, giving users more screen real estate
to view their content in brilliant detail. At 500 nits,
it's also 25% brighter than before. And MacBook Air now supports
1 billion colors, so photos and movies
look incredibly vibrant. Next, let's talk about the camera. Having a great camera is more
important than ever these days. So MacBook Air features a new
1080p camera with twice the resolution and twice the low-light performance
of the previous Air. Combined with the processing power
of M2's advanced image signal processor, you'll look great on video calls. Next up, audio. To fit inside such a thin design,
the speakers and mics are completely integrated
between the keyboard and display, all while delivering
an even better audio experience. A three-mic array captures clean audio
using advanced beam-forming algorithms. And there's a four-speaker sound system that produces amazing stereo separation
and vocal clarity. There's also support
for immersive Spatial Audio for music and movies with Dolby Atmos. The Magic Keyboard features
a full-height function row with Touch ID. And, of course,
the new Air has a spacious, industry-leading Force Touch trackpad. And when it comes to performance,
M2 takes it even further. So applying filters and effects
in apps like Photoshop is up to 20% faster than before and a massive five times faster for customers that haven't yet upgraded
to Apple Silicon. And for intensive workloads like editing
complex timelines in Final Cut Pro, performance is nearly 40% faster
than the previous Air. Thanks to the power efficiency of M2, all these capabilities are built into
a silent, fan-less design. And even with a larger display
and increased performance, the Air delivers the same great
all-day battery life with up to 18 hours of video playback. There's also some new charging options, including a compact power adapter
with two USB-C ports so you can charge two devices at once. And for the first time, the Air supports fast charge
with an available 67W adapter. So you can charge
up to 50% in just 30 minutes. So that's the all-new, amazingly portable
and powerful MacBook Air. It's thinner, lighter, and faster with a durable unibody design,
bigger display, better camera, all-day battery life,
and four beautiful finishes. It's everything you could want
in a new MacBook Air. Now, before I hand it back to John,
let's see it in action. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ John: We're so excited
to bring M2 to MacBook Air, the world's best-selling laptop. Only with Apple Silicon can you build
such a thin and light notebook with a fan-less design and this combination
of performance and capabilities. But that's not all we have for you today. M2 is coming to another Mac, which is actually the world's
second-best-selling laptop: the 13-inch MacBook Pro. It's our most portable pro notebook, and users love the performance it delivers
in its compact design. Now with M2,
you get even more capabilities in the same great form factor. With a faster 8-core CPU
and 10-core GPU, working with RAW images
in apps like Affinity Photo is nearly 40% faster
than the previous generation. And over three times faster if you're upgrading from a model
without Apple Silicon. And playing graphics intensive games
like Baldur's Gate III is also nearly 40% faster
than the previous 13-inch Pro. With an active cooling system,
the MacBook Pro is designed to sustain its pro performance. And thanks to M2, it also supports
up to 24GB of unified memory. Along with 50% more memory bandwidth, multitasking and working with
large assets is super fluid. With support for ProRes encode
and decode in M2's media engine, you can convert
your video projects to ProRes nearly three times faster than before. MacBook Pro also delivers
phenomenal battery life, with up to 20 hours of video playback. So that's
the powerful 13-inch MacBook Pro. With the incredible performance of M2,
ProRes acceleration, up to 24GB of memory,
and up to 20 hours of battery life, our most portable Pro notebook
gets even better. Both the Air and the Pro also support
our environmental goals. They use 100% recycled rare earth elements
in many components, are free of numerous harmful substances, and meet Apple's high standards
for energy efficiency. The all-new MacBook Air starts
at $1199 and just $1099 for education. The powerful 13-inch MacBook Pro
starts at $1299 and $1199 for education. And they'll be available next month. And the MacBook Air with M1
stays in the lineup at $999 and just $899 for education. We're thrilled to bring M2
to the world's two most popular laptops, the MacBook Air
and 13-inch MacBook Pro. And they join the even more powerful
14 and 16-inch MacBook Pro with M1 Pro and M1 Max to round out the most amazing lineup
of Macs we've ever offered, and continue our tremendous pace
of innovation for the Mac. Now, back to Craig. Craig: We're really excited
about these new Macs with the next generation of Apple Silicon. And the powerful software
that drives the experience is macOS. So let's talk about what's new. Kyle: Jump! Sit! Craig? Craig: Sorry, Kyle. Wrong door. ♪ ♪ macOS plays a critical role
in our lives as we work, collaborate with colleagues,
family, and friends, create and organize
what's important to us, and so much more. This year, we focused on making the
core things you do with macOS even better, delivering new ways to be productive
and take advantage of the capability of your
other devices with Continuity. So what should we call it? Well, that brings us
to the latest exploits of Apple's crack product marketing team. They've been absolutely riding high
since their naming coup on M1 and M2, and needless to say, they were exhausted. But after their requisite three-month
rejuvenation retreat in Monterey, with their chakras now
in complete alignment, the team once again piled
into their macOS naming microbus and wove their way down Highway 1. Chasing the vibrant display
of colorful California wildflowers, they finally came to rest where stunning surf meets lush
alluvial plains, in beautiful Ventura. macOS Ventura enriches so many
of the ways we use our Macs. So let's jump in. A key part of the Mac experience
is helping you be productive and creative, which can often mean having
a lot of windows open at once. And the more you do,
the more overwhelming this can become. We all want the perfect mix– to focus on our work without distractions and to easily move between tasks. This year, we have a new way
to automatically keep everything organized and give you quick access to your windows. It's called Stage Manager. Let's see how it works. When you're working on the Mac,
it's really easy to find yourself
with lots of open windows. Now, the Mac has great tools
like Mission Control to help you find the window
that you're looking for, but with so many open windows, it can feel like you never really escape
all the clutter. With Stage Manager,
you can focus on the app you're using without the distractions, and it's easy to get started. Let's activate Stage Manager
from Control Center. As you see, it automatically arranges
all my windows for me off to the side and puts the app I'm currently
working with front and center. When I bring forward a different app, like clicking on Mail here in the Dock, you'll see that it's brought to the stage and Safari gracefully moves
over to the left with my other recent apps. When I click on Safari,
it retakes the stage, and Mail moves back to the left. You'll notice that for an app
with multiple open windows, like Pages here, Stage Manager gathers
all the windows together in a single pile. When I click, I get the top one, and if I want a different window,
I can cycle through them just by clicking. It's really convenient. Of course,
just as you would expect on a Mac, I can have overlapping windows and
multiple apps open at the same time too. It's really easy to group apps together. Here I'll just drag in Notes
and pair it with my Pages window. This is so great
when I'm working on projects that involve a specific group of windows like planning a trip
with these three apps here. And if I go back to my previous group, Stage Manager keeps my windows arranged just as I left them. I love working this way. Of course, like many Mac users, I often want to get at files
on my desktop, and with Stage Manager,
we've made that easier than ever. I'm working on this Final Cut project, and I want to pull in a couple of files. With just a click on my desktop,
my windows clear the stage and my files are revealed. Now I can grab these title graphics and drag them over
to my Final Cut window. I'll just drop them in right here, and boom. So that's a quick look at multitasking
with Stage Manager, Another part of the Mac experience
that helps you do more is Spotlight. This year we have a big update
that delivers a more consistent and powerful experience
across our platforms. Spotlight is great
for doing all kinds of things, like quickly launching an app
or starting a search. And now you can peek at a result
in Quick Look with a tap on the space bar. Spotlight can now also find images
from your photo library, across the system, and on the web. And using Live Text,
you can search the text inside the image. You can also take actions
like starting a timer or running a shortcut
right from Spotlight. It's also a great way to get information, now leveraging the full window
for richer results. For musicians, you'll see their albums,
key facts, news, and more. It's also great for movies, TV shows,
and actors, businesses, and sports. Rich results and the ability
to take actions right from Spotlight are also coming to iOS and iPadOS. Now, speaking of iOS,
we wanted to make Spotlight even easier to discover and access, so we added it right
to the bottom of the Home Screen. With just a tap, you can use Spotlight
to launch an app, find a contact, or start a search. These updates
make Spotlight more productive, helping you find
what you're looking for faster. Next, let's turn to an app that many of us
use to communicate every day. To take you through it,
here's Darin. Darin Adler:
Of course, we're talking about Mail. Mail is central to how
so many of us communicate. This year, we have great updates
that will help you be more productive, starting with some
highly-requested features. Undo send lets you pull an email back
a few moments after hitting Send. Scheduled send, so your emails arrive
at the perfect moment. Follow-up suggestions will automatically
remind you to follow up if you haven't received a response. And Remind Me makes it easy
to come back to a message at a particular date and time. Next, let's talk Search. This is the biggest overhaul
of Search in Mail we've done in years, leveraging the latest
state-of-the-art techniques to deliver more accurate
and complete results. When you click Search,
you'll see recently shared documents, links, and more. The moment you start typing, with each letter,
you instantly see suggestions. If you make a typo,
Search is one step ahead, only showing results
for the correct spelling. And if Search knows a synonym,
it'll look for that too. And all these new features are also coming
to iPadOS and iOS. And that's Mail. Next up is another app most of us spend
a ton of time in every day: Safari. With macOS Ventura,
Safari is the world's fastest browser, rendering the most complex websites
with incredible speed. Safari is the most power-efficient
browser on Mac, letting you do more on a single charge
than any other browser. And of course, Safari is a trailblazer
in protecting your privacy on the web, with features like
Intelligent Tracking Protection and Privacy Report. Safari has a legacy of introducing
key web technologies that elevate the web experience
for everyone. Safari's pioneering support for HTML5
transformed the video experience on the web, resulting in higher-quality
playback and increased battery life. And Safari continues to deliver support
for the latest web technologies and standards for web developers, including all of these
added in just the last year, like more fluid web animations,
new browser extension types, and support for
the push notifications standards. These enable more immersive
and engaging web content for our users. And now Safari has a new way to share
your favorite content with others with Shared Tab Groups. Whether you're planning a trip
with friends or shopping for a couch with your partner,
you can share all the tabs in one place. And when they find something great,
they can add tabs too. You can see which tabs your friends
are looking at live, and using built-in collaboration,
you can easily connect in real time over Messages or FaceTime. It's so easy to discover the web together. And next, we have a new way
to make the web a safer place. We rely on passwords
to protect our most private accounts. While Safari helps users create
the strongest passwords possible, there are still ways
accounts can be compromised. Hackers can use social engineering
techniques like phishing to trick users into giving up passwords. They can also breach a website directly to get access to all the passwords
stored on its server. That's why we've helped create
a next generation credential that's more secure, easier to use, and aims to replace passwords for good. We call them passkeys. Passkeys use powerful
cryptographic techniques and the biometrics built into your device
to keep accounts safe. To create a passkey, just use TouchID or FaceID to authenticate,
and you're done. When users create a passkey,
a unique digital key is created that only works
for the site it was created for. Passkeys can't be phished. Since the passkey never leaves
your devices, hackers can't trick you into sharing it
on a fake website. And passkeys can't be leaked because
nothing secret is kept on a web server. We've designed passkeys to work in apps
as easily as they do on the web. Passkeys are securely synced across
Apple devices using iCloud Keychain and are instantly available on Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV. We've been working with industry leaders in the FIDO alliance
including Google and Microsoft, to ensure that passkeys work seamlessly
cross-platform. With a passkey, you'll be able to walk up
to a non-Apple device and sign in to a website or app
using just your iPhone. The transition away from passwords
will be a journey, and we look forward to working with
developers on the password-less future. And that's Safari. Now back over to you, Craig. Craig: We think these updates
to Mail and Safari will help you be productive
and browse the web in new and safer ways. Next, let's have some fun
and talk about gaming. We're at a point where two things
are really coming together. First, Apple Silicon
has changed everything. It's taking the graphics performance
of every new Mac to new heights, giving Macs the power to run
the most demanding games, with ease. Second,
the Mac is more popular than ever, and it's a huge and fast-growing
opportunity for game developers. And since we have a unified silicon
architecture spanning from iPhone and iPad all the way up to M1 Ultra, game developers can scale the quality
and performance of their titles across the entire line. Another key part of a great gaming
experience is the software that powers it. To tell you what's new, here's Jeremy. Jeremy Sandmel:
We continue to improve Metal. It's the software that powers
hardware-accelerated graphics on all our platforms. And now, Metal 3 brings
new features that will unleash the full potential of Apple Silicon
for years to come. Gaming at maximum resolution
and quality looks awesome. And to help game developers
increase the performance of realistic and immersive graphics,
we're introducing MetalFX Upscaling, which enables developers to render rich,
visually complex scenes even faster. It works by rendering smaller,
less compute-intensive frames and then applies high-quality spatial
upscaling and temporal anti-aliasing. And it's so cool. No Man's Sky,
coming to Mac later this year, will be one of the first games
to use MetalFX Upscaling. The frame rate increases, giving you that
responsive feel, and it looks beautiful. Another area we're improving
is game loading. Games continue to push the boundaries
and appear more realistic than ever before by using richer textures
and more geometric detail, which can take a while to load. So Metal 3 adds a new fast
resource loading API that minimizes wait time
by providing a more direct path from storage to the unified memory system so the GPU can more quickly access
high-quality textures and buffers without waiting. Metal 3 and Apple Silicon enable
even more immersive visuals, faster performance, and quicker loading. This really is a new day
for gaming on the Mac. But don't take our word for it. Let's hear from the team that has created the acclaimed Resident Evil Village. We are so excited it's coming to the Mac. To tell you more, we are delighted
to introduce Ijuin-san, manager of Capcom's
Advanced Technical Research Division. ♪ ♪ Craig: Thank you, Ijuin-san. Next, let's talk about Continuity. Continuity is all about giving you
a seamless experience across devices. Features like Universal Control,
AirPlay, and Handoff allow you to always use
the right device for the moment. And today,
we're extending Handoff to FaceTime. Now picture this: you answer
a FaceTime call on your iPhone while you're away from your desk. When you get home and bring
your iPhone up close to your Mac, your Mac automatically recognizes
the call on your iPhone, and you can move it
to your Mac seamlessly, giving you a bigger view
to continue the conversation. You can handoff calls in any direction
between your devices, so you'll always be able to join the call
from the right one. We also have exciting news
about another Continuity feature, which pairs the best camera you own
with the large displays on Mac. We spend a lot of time in front
of our Macs with our cameras on. Our webcams have become an integral part
of work, school, and play. And now, with Continuity Camera, you can use iPhone as your webcam. It's powered by the advanced capabilities
of the iPhone camera system, letting you do things that were never
before possible with a webcam. Let me show you how it works. Now, I'm just gonna pop this stand
on my iPhone, and attach it to my display. Let's launch FaceTime. You can see my Mac
automatically detects my iPhone and uses it as the camera. I don't even have to wake up my iPhone. This all works wirelessly
so there's nothing to plug in. So to try this out, let's call a friend
in the design studio. Johnnie Manzari: Hi, Craig! Craig: Hey, Johnnie! Are you up for helping me give a demo
of Continuity Camera? Johnnie: Sure, I'm using it right now. with my iPhone and Pro Display XDR. You know, one thing I love about
Continuity Camera is Center Stage. I can move around and Center Stage
will keep me in the frame. I'll frequently pair that
with Portrait Mode to blur the background
with that beautiful boca. Craig: Yeah, I've loved
having these features on my iPad, and it's great that we can now
use them with any Mac. Johnnie: For sure. A new one people are gonna love
is Studio Light. Check this out. It brightens my face
and darkens the background. Craig: Hey, that looks great. It's almost like you have a ring-light. Johnnie: It is perfect
for tough lighting conditions, like if I'm ever sitting in front
of a window. Okay, now I wanna show
my favorite new feature, Desk View. You can see the work that's on my desk, and it keeps me in the picture. It is amazing. Take a look. It looks like I have
a dedicated overhead camera, but this is Desk View
creating both of these views from the one ultra-wide camera
on my iPhone using some very powerful image processing. I didn't even need to adjust my phone. Desk View's gonna be great
for sharing new designs with my team. I can even use it
to show my nephew a new card trick. Craig: This is gonna be so cool. Well, hey, Johnnie, thanks for helping us
give the quick demo. Johnnie: No problem.
I'll talk to you later. Craig: In addition to FaceTime,
you can use Continuity Camera with any macOS videoconferencing app like Zoom, Teams, Webex, and more. And we're working with Belkin
to offer beautiful stands to hold your iPhone
at the perfect height and angle. These will be available later this year. And since so many of you with a Mac
already have an iPhone, these great capabilities come
with the devices you already own. That's the magic of Continuity. And that's macOS Ventura, a feature-packed release that brings
new tools for managing windows, smart new features for Mail, Safari,
and games, and magical new Continuity features. Now let's turn to iPadOS. ♪ ♪ Our vision for iPadOS is to create a distinct experience that's built on the best of iOS, like security, mobility,
and an intuitive touch-first interface, with powerful capabilities from macOS, like multitasking and trackpad support, combined with features like Apple Pencil
that are uniquely iPad. All of this comes together
to deliver our most versatile device. This year in iPadOS 16,
we have a big release that's going to take this versatility
even further. Starting with a host of features that
you heard about earlier in iOS and macOS that are going to be great on iPad, like Shared Photo Library, Shared Tab Groups
and Passkeys in Safari, and a big update to Mail. We're also bringing Weather to iPad, taking full advantage of the stunning
display with beautiful animations like these gently moving clouds, heavy snowfall, and driving rain. And all of these modules are tappable
to access detailed information. And for developers,
we're announcing WeatherKit so they can build weather into their apps. iPadOS 16 also includes new ways
to collaborate with others, more capable apps,
and new features for Pro users that take advantage
of the power of the M1 chip. So let's start with collaboration, which often begins in Messages when you're asked
to pass along a document. Of course, you could send a copy, but now you can also instantly kick off
a collaboration when you send something
with the Share Sheet. This makes initiating collaboration
across the system as easy as sending a link, and means a conversation with your
collaborators is always just a tap away. Let me show you how it works. So let's tap in to Messages. I've been talking to the team
about an upcoming offsite, and we've been using this conversation
to figure out the details. Now, it looks like a message just came in
from Lopp, and he wants to catch up on the latest. Over here in Pages,
I've been collecting our ideas. I want to share this with the group. In the past, when I'd tap Share, I'd end up sharing a copy. But now, you'll notice I can start
collaboration right here. And what's great is, I don't need
to type in a bunch of names or email addresses. When I select a Messages group,
everyone gets added automatically. Let's go ahead and send it. This makes it way easier
to collaborate with people you're already communicating with. Everyone can immediately join
and start making edits, like the ones you see here. And back in the Messages conversation, I even get a notice of any changes
I might have missed. When you collaborate this way,
your document is connected to the conversation. The group appears in the toolbar, and I can kick off communication
right from here. I can get back
to the messages conversation or initiate a FaceTime call. Let's go ahead and call the group. Hey, everyone! Michael Lopp: Hey, Craig. Craig: Hey, I saw that a few of you
were in the document. Does anyone have any other ideas
for the offsite? Lopp: Yeah, I've been thinking about it,
and I've been collecting a few tabs. I'm gonna share them right now with you
in Safari. Craig: Thanks, Lopp. This year, you can start collaborating
with the group right in FaceTime. You can see that Lopp just invited me
to collaborate on a set of tabs in Safari. I'm gonna go ahead and accept his invite, and now, I can get to them in Safari. Just like with the Pages document, everyone in the group
automatically has access. I can see Anne and Mindy
joining the tab group, and I can even see which tabs people are
looking at right in the tab bar. Looks like Mindy is checking out kayaking. Lopp: Found a few more.
Check these out. Craig: When Lopp adds tabs,
they instantly appear so we can all check them out. Let's see, we already did this last year, but ziplining looks cool! All right, team, let's wrap this up and update our document
with the latest ideas. Looks like Anne is updating the text, and Mindy just dropped in an image, so we're all set. So that's a quick look
at some of the new ways you can work together with collaboration
with iPadOS 16. In addition to Pages and Safari, these new collaboration features
will work with a variety of apps, like Notes and Keynote. And for developers, there's a new API
to integrate collaboration in their apps, and these features will also be coming
to iOS and macOS. Of course,
when you're collaborating live, sometimes you want a space
where you can brainstorm and capture ideas as they strike. So today, we're giving you a sneak peek
at a brand-new app called Freeform coming later this year. To tell you all about it,
here's Elizabeth. Elizabeth Reid: We have so many
great ways to collaborate, but up until now,
you didn't have a space to work in, a place for group sessions,
project planning, home renovations, or school projects. Now, you can be on a FaceTime call, and with a tap, you're all collaborating
live on a Freeform board. You can add almost anything to a board. It's perfect for brainstorming sessions,
jotting down notes, sharing files,
or even creating diagrams with others. It's flexible,
limited only by your imagination. As others begin adding their thoughts, you can see their live cursors
showing you right where they're working. And if someone is in
another part of Freeform, you can just tap to jump straight
to where they are on the board. And any time you need more space,
move around simply using touch, or focus on what's really important
with a pinch. Of course, with a full complement
of drawing tools, you can sketch or write a note
anywhere you'd like with Apple Pencil. And with all the powerful tools
to create content on iPad, Freeform is a great place
to pull it all together, including photos, video, audio, documents, PDFs, web links, pretty much anything you need to work with
can be brought onto your board. And you can preview right in line,
including multipage documents and high-resolution videos, giving you everything you need to bring your ideas to life
right at your fingertips. And that's a sneak peek at Freeform. Back to you, Craig. Craig: Freeform is going to be
a great way to brainstorm your ideas with others, and we're building it right into iPadOS, macOS, and iOS later this year. Of course, the versatility of iPad
means you can seamlessly move from being productive to gaming. With its stunning display,
built-in sensors, and support for your
favorite game controller, iPad provides a great gaming experience. And the M1 chip
delivers high-performance graphics, enabling immersive games
like Divinity: Original Sin 2. In iPadOS 16,
we have some great updates to gaming, starting with Metal 3, which brings the same MetalFX upscaling and fast resource loading API to iPad
that we talked about earlier with macOS. There's also a new API that lets games download
large assets in the background, enabling you to multitask
while the download completes. Another important aspect to gaming on iPad
is how it brings us together. Tens of thousands of games
use Game Center to help us play with our friends
or compete against each other. It's easy to jump right in and play
without creating a new account, using your Game Center profile. You can find friends to play with,
compare scores on leaderboards, and track progress through achievements. And now, we're bringing Activity
to the Game Center dashboard. You can see what your friends are playing,
highlights of their achievements, and even find out
when they beat your high score, so you know when it's time
to take your game to the next level and get back on top. And all of this activity appears
on your Game Center profile. Game Center has always supported
playing together in real time. Now, SharePlay makes it simple
to join and play. In a multiplayer game using Game Center, just start a SharePlay session
and bring your friends right in. These new Game Center features
will be coming to an update to iPadOS 16 later this year, and we're also bringing them
to iOS and macOS. The versatility of iPad
makes it great for so many things, and a big part of that is apps. This year, we're continuing our work
to make iPad apps more capable with desktop-class apps. While many iPad apps
have their origins in iOS, over the years, they've taken on
their own unique capabilities, optimized for the iPad's larger display. In iPadOS 16,
we scoured the entire system, adding enhancements across the board, from system elements and interactions to new features you use on Mac
and want on iPad. Let me highlight a few of them. Undo/redo across the system, availability view in Calendar, find and merge cards
and create lists in Contacts, and we have a big update to Files, with some of the most requested features, such as the ability to change
file extensions, view folder size, and more. We've also added system-wide features
that deliver improvements across apps, starting with a redesigned
find and replace experience that works in-line. A document menu in apps
like Files, Pages, and Keynote that reveals common actions
you may want to take, such as duplicate,
rename, export, and print. And for the first time ever,
customizable toolbars in iPadOS so you can add the tools
that matter to you most. And for developers,
we've created new APIs, so they can build these capabilities
right into their own apps. These features will help you
be more productive. And we have another feature
for Mac that will be great for creative pros on iPad. And that is reference color. The Liquid Retina XDR display
in our latest 12.9-inch iPad Pro is great for professional color workflows. And with iPadOS 16,
we're introducing Reference Mode, which meets the color requirements
in workflows like review and approve, color grading, and compositing, where accurate colors
and consistent image quality are critical. So whether you prefer using iPad Pro
as a standalone device or as a second display with Sidecar, Reference Mode provides
a consistent reference workflow across your pro devices, making iPad Pro an indispensable tool
for creative professionals. Now, I want to turn our attention
to a set of features enabled by the performance of the M1 chip in our latest iPad Pro and iPad Air. Features for people who push
the versatility of iPad to the limit. Pros are always wanting
more space to work with, so we're adding
a new display scaling setting, which allows you to increase
the pixel density of the display so you can view more in your apps, which is particularly helpful
when using Split View. We also want to enable you
to do more in apps. Our latest iPad Air and iPad Pro come with a ton of ultra-fast memory
and storage. iPadOS 16 adds support
for virtual memory swap, meaning your iPad storage can be used to expand the available memory
for all apps and delivers up to 16 GB of memory
to the most demanding apps. With technologies like display scaling
and virtual memory swap, we have the foundation for a big leap
forward in user experience, one that can change how our Pro users
get work done on iPad. So we're bringing Stage Manager, our latest windowing system
that you just saw in macOS, to iPadOS. Stage Manager takes multitasking
on iPad to a whole new level by making it more nimble and unlocking
full external display support. I'd like to show it to you now. Today on iPad, when you use apps, you get the full screen experience
that we're all familiar with, like in Photos here. With Stage Manager activated,
I can now resize windows, exposing a powerful new way
to work with apps on iPad. And the Dock is visible,
so I can easily get to all my apps. Let's open Music. You'll notice that all my recently used
apps appear on the left, so switching between them is really fast. And Stage Manager gives me
powerful new layout capabilities to create my ideal workspace. For the first time on iPad,
I can work with overlapping windows. I'm gonna drag Messages
alongside Calendar here, and Stage Manager automatically moves
Calendar gently off to the side as I bring it to the stage. And if I move Messages to the left, Stage Manager repositions Calendar for me
automatically. And like you saw earlier,
I can resize windows and arrange everything
just the way I want. And it gets even better when I plug my iPad
into an external display. My wallpaper beautifully fills
the entire display, and I can move my cursor to it
from my iPad. I have the Dock here too,
so let's go ahead and launch Keynote. When I do,
I once again enter Stage Manager, now on an even bigger canvas. All of that additional screen real estate
is so useful when working on a presentation in Keynote. And it's amazing when you're working
with a set of apps. I can create groups of three
and even four windows. This is just incredibly powerful. Between my iPad and my external display, I can have up to eight apps
running onscreen simultaneously. And I can take advantage of the unique
capabilities of each of these displays. For instance,
I'm working on this Keynote document, and I want to add a drawing from Procreate here on my iPad. I can use Apple Pencil
to add a finishing touch to my drawing. And now I can jump back into the gallery and then drag and drop across displays
and into my deck. And that's a quick look at Stage Manager. It's an entirely new way to multitask
with multiple overlapping windows, flexible window sets,
fast app switching, and full external display support. And that's iPadOS 16, a big release with exciting updates
to many of the built-in apps; Weather app comes to iPad, new ways to collaborate
and be productive, great features for pro users,
including Stage Manager, and so much more. Now, back to Tim. Tim: Thank you, Craig. And thanks to all of our presenters. What an exciting day of announcements! We introduced the all-new,
redesigned MacBook Air, with its super-thin enclosure,
Liquid Retina display, MagSafe, beautiful new finishes, and supercharged by M2, our next generation of Apple Silicon. Along with a powerful new
13-inch MacBook Pro, also supercharged by M2. And we pushed our software platforms
forward in some incredible new ways. Introducing features and capabilities
that will enable our developers to do amazing work and provide our users
with exciting new experiences. Our OS releases will be available
as developer betas today, and each of them will have a public beta
next month. All of these OS releases
will be available to our users this fall. I'm confident that our incredible products
and innovative platforms will inspire developers
to do the very best work of their lives, enabling all of us to do
even more amazing things. We hope you enjoyed today's event, and we have a huge week ahead. We will be offering
a comprehensive online experience, starting with
a Platform State of the Union for those developers who want take
a deeper dive into our announcements. And there will be more than 175 sessions, as well as one-on-one labs
with Apple engineers and digital lounges. All of this is available for free
to all our developers to help them get the most
out of the conference. Thank you for joining us,
and let's have a great WWDC! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ . . ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim Cook: Good morning. We're so glad you could join us. At Apple, we're fortunate
to be surrounded by people who strive to innovate together to create products and experiences
that enrich people's lives, products that are intuitive
and easy to use, that have a unique integration
of hardware and software, and that are incredibly personal. Today, we're here to talk
about three products that have become essential in our lives: iPhone, AirPods, and Apple Watch. They're always with you, useful whenever and wherever
you need them, and are designed
to work seamlessly together. On their own, each is industry leading. Together, they provide
a magical experience. With one tap,
AirPods are instantly set up and ready to work
with your iPhone and Apple Watch, and automatic switching allows sound
to move seamlessly between any of your Apple devices. There's also incredible integration
between iPhone and Apple Watch. Together they provide the convenience
of having your notifications and messages on your wrist
and available with just a glance. You can seamlessly hand off phone calls
between your iPhone and Apple Watch, and you can set your destination
on your iPhone and your Apple Watch will help guide you
along the way. Users can even get their health
and fitness data from Apple Watch and see it on the Health app
on their iPhone. These are just a few examples
of the unique and powerful ways our hardware and software
are designed to work together, enhancing and enriching the experiences
you have with these products. This type of integration is something
only Apple can do. And today we're going to make
these products and these experiences even better. Let's get started
by talking about Apple Watch. Apple Watch has become
an essential companion. It's always with you, allowing you
to do so much right from your wrist. It keeps you connected to the things
you care about most, encourages you to stay active,
and monitors your health and gets help when you need it. And I've received thousands of letters
from customers writing about their personal experiences
using Apple Watch. I'd like to share just a few of
those stories with you now. Dear, Mr. Cook... Dear, Tim... Dear, Mr. Cook... Hello, Mr. Cook... I'm writing to you
from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. I'm writing you from Atlanta, Georgia. I am a 27-year-old high school teacher. I'm a senior in high school. I only had the watch
for two or three weeks. I was viewing a movie with my wife
in our family room... I was having lunch at one of the spiciest
restaurants in San Diego... It was a typical summer night. I looked around the corner, and a bear was staring right at me. I was doing what we call
a dump and return when I slipped headfirst
into the compactor. I was skating on a frozen river
when the ice gave out. The door closed, and everything went dark. My longtime friend
started grasping his chest. I was fighting to catch my breath. I used the watch to study my pulse,
and it was wildly erratic. Things escalated quickly from there. I was getting tired, and I could tell
hypothermia was setting in. I go to grab my phone,
but my pockets were empty. I didn't have my phone on me. As I was trying to figure out what to do, I looked down and saw my watch. I placed my Apple Watch on his wrist, and I couldn't believe my eyes. An atrial fibrillation notification
popped up. Holy cow. Holy moly. I looked down at my Apple Watch, and my heart rate was
187 beats per minute. I drove him to the hospital
where he was treated for a heart condition he wasn't aware he had. Dear, Apple, my dad was flying our small plane
to Vermont. I was asleep in the backseat. I woke up when we were crashing
into the tops of the trees. The plane broke into six pieces, and we were miles away from civilization
in the freezing cold. Then, all of a sudden, my Apple Watch started ringing. I forgot I was wearing it. I told my grandma
that I'd have to call her back, and I immediately called 911. I whispered to my co-teacher, "I need to go to the emergency room
right now." We were advised to head directly
to the emergency room. I held down the button and whispered,
"Siri, call 911." I dialed 911,
and that sucker started ringing, and I was smiling like a brand-new baby. Rescuers arrived in minutes. If I hadn't had the Apple Watch,
things could have been much worse. I'm so grateful. From now on,
I'll never leave the house without it. My doctor said, "It was your watch
that saved your life." Thanks for helping save my friend's life. Since the heart event was without
other symptoms, clearly,
the watch was my only call to action and my only link to the fine medical care
that saved my life. With deep gratitude, Erik. Thank you, Hannah. Sinceramente, Marcos. Bill. Taryn. Sincerely, Dr. Korn. All the best, Shaae. There are so many ways Apple Watch
improves peoples' lives. These are the reasons we do what we do. And this year we're introducing
our best Apple Watch lineup yet, by far! To tell you more, here's Jeff. ♪ ♪ Jeff Williams:
Each year, Apple Watch sets a new standard for what a smartwatch should be. And this continuous innovation has made it
the number-one-selling smartwatch in the world for seven years running. And we're so excited about what's next. ♪ ♪ This is the new Apple Watch Series 8. It has all of the things you love
about Apple Watch plus even more. Series 8 is beautifully designed and packed with the most advanced sensors
and technology. It features a big, brilliant,
Always-On display with narrow borders that push the screen right to the edge. Detailed watch faces
like the new Lunar, Astronomy, Metropolitan, and Modular look stunning. And it's so bright that text
and complications are easy to read even when your wrist is down. And Series 8 is durable. It's swim proof,
dust proof, and crack resistant. To tell you more about Series 8,
here's Deidre. ♪ ♪ Deidre Caldbeck: Series 8 is designed
to keep you connected to the people and things
that you care about most. It motivates you to stay active and fit. With Workouts and Fitness+ there are so
many ways to exercise using Apple Watch. Series 8 helps keep you safe
with fall detection, emergency SOS, and Medical ID. It has sleep tracking,
Cycle Tracking, and Mindfulness to give you insights into your body
and help you maintain healthy habits. With best-in-class health sensors
that enable ECG, irregular rhythm notifications,
and blood oxygen, it is the ultimate device
for a healthy life. And now, Series 8 brings
even more features for health, safety, and connectivity, starting with an innovative
new temperature sensor that takes our commitment
to women's health even further. And here's Sumbul to tell you about it. ♪ ♪ Dr. Sumbul Ahmad Desai: Women's health
impacts more than just women. It also impacts their families
and communities. And menstrual cycles are key
to a woman's health, so much so that many physicians
regard them as a vital sign. We added Cycle Tracking three years ago, and it has helped tens of millions
gain deeper insights into their cycles and overall health. This year, we're introducing a suite
of advanced Cycle Tracking features, including valuable information about
a critical aspect of women's health: ovulation. As always, we build our health features
with two fundamental principles. First, they're developed
using scientifically validated insights, and second, privacy is at the core, designed to keep your data
secure and private. Utilizing the new temperature sensor
in Apple Watch Series 8, you can now receive a retrospective
estimate of when you ovulated. Series 8 has a unique two-sensor design. There's one temperature sensor
on the back crystal, near your skin, and another just under the display. This design improves accuracy
by reducing bias from the outside environment. Nighttime wrist temperature
can be a good indicator of overall body temperature because while you sleep,
your blood vessels dilate, increasing blood flow to your limbs. Overnight, Series 8 samples
your wrist temperature every 5 seconds and it can detect changes
as small as 0.1° Celsius. In the Health app, you'll be able to see nightly shifts
from your baseline temperature, which can be caused
by things like exercise, jet lag, alcohol, or illness. But tracking temperature changes
is even more useful for those who ovulate, because cyclical patterns can reveal
the biphasic shift. The biphasic shift is an increase in
body temperature that occurs in response to changing hormones,
and it can indicate ovulation. If you're trying to conceive,
knowing if and when you ovulated can inform your family planning and conversations
with your health care provider. Today, the most common way
to track the biphasic shift is manually with a thermometer
and a journal. Series 8 makes this much easier
and more convenient by providing new, automatic
retrospective ovulation estimates. Further advancing Cycle Tracking, all users on iOS 16 and watchOS 9
can be now notified of possible cycle deviations
based on logged cycle data. You may not realize that common
cycle deviations, like persistent spotting or prolonged periods, can be symptoms
of serious health conditions like fibroids, thyroid disorders, or PCOS. That's why it's so important
to know when they occur. The temperature sensing capability
on Series 8, plus heart rate, and logged cycle data come together
to give you a detailed view of your cycle, all of which can be easily shared
with your healthcare provider to facilitate more informed conversations. We believe privacy
is a fundamental human right and that your health data
is yours and yours alone. Your Cycle Tracking data is encrypted
on your device and only accessible with your passcode,
Touch ID, or Face ID. When using iOS and watchOS
with the default two-factor authentication and a passcode, Health app data synced to iCloud
is encrypted end-to-end, meaning that Apple does not have the key
to decrypt the data and therefore cannot read it. Only with your explicit permission
can your health data be shared. And you have granular control
over the types of data you share and who you share it with. Women's health is critically important, and we're proud to bring these new
advanced cycle tracking capabilities to Apple Watch Series 8. Now back to Deidre. Deidre: Safety features on Apple Watch, like fall detection and emergency SOS,
have helped save lives. There's another emergency situation
you never want to find yourself in, and that's a car crash. According to the US Department
of Transportation, almost half of the worst crashes
occur in rural areas, and the majority involve
only a single vehicle. So we built an innovative new feature
to help in situations like this. Introducing Crash Detection. Apple Watch Series 8 can detect
if you were in a severe car crash. When a crash is detected,
it will automatically connect you with emergency services, provide your location,
and notify your emergency contacts. And to tell you more, here's Ron. ♪ ♪ Ron Huang: In order to detect
the unique forces of a car crash, we developed two new motion sensors
for Series 8: an improved 3-axis gyroscope and a high-g-force accelerometer. The new accelerometer is capable
of measuring up to 256 g's, allowing it to detect
the extreme impacts of a crash. And it samples motion four times faster–
at over 3,000 times a second– so it can sense
the precise moment of impact. With these new technologies, we built an advanced
sensor fusion algorithm to deliver accurate Crash Detection. We started by spending years
studying vehicle impacts at state-of-the-art crash test labs. We focused on four main types
of severe crashes: front impact, side impact, rear-end collision, and rollovers. In each crash test, we captured data
from the new gyroscope and accelerometer
as well as from other sensors in Series 8 including the barometer,
microphone, and GPS. And then we used machine learning
to incorporate all of these signals into the algorithm, which was trained on over 1 million hours of real-world driving and crash data. Series 8 can detect crashes
in the most popular types of vehicles like passenger cars,
SUVs, and pickup trucks. Crash Detection runs only
when you're driving and processes data only
around the time of a possible crash, entirely on your device. That's Crash Detection
on Apple Watch Series 8. We truly hope you never need it, but that you will feel a little bit safer
every time you get in the car. Now, back to Deidre. Deidre: Even with the new temperature and
motion sensors working in the background, Apple Watch Series 8 still has all-day,
18-hour battery life. But sometimes,
like if you're on a long flight or without a charger for the night, you need to preserve battery life. To help with that,
we're introducing Low Power Mode, which can give you up to 36 hours
of battery life on a full charge. Low Power Mode maintains many
of the core features of Apple Watch– like activity tracking
and fall detection– while temporarily disabling
other features, like Always-On display
and auto workout detection, providing maximum battery savings with
the least impact to the user experience. Low Power Mode is available on Series 4
and later running watchOS 9. Cellular models of Series 8
will also support international roaming. Apple Watch will now be able
to stay connected to your cellular network while you're traveling abroad. Simply add your Apple Watch to your iPhone
roaming plan at little or no cost. By the end of the year,
international roaming will be available on more than 30 carriers worldwide. It will be supported on all
cellular models of Apple Watch from Series 5 onward running watchOS 9. Apple Watch Series 8 will be available
in four colors of 100% recycled aluminum: Midnight, Starlight, Silver, and Product(RED), and in three stainless steel finishes:
Silver, Gold, and Graphite. There are also great new colors
across our most popular band styles. We also have exciting updates
to both Nike bands, including fresh colors
for the Nike Sport Band and a new Nike Sport Loop
"Just Do It" woven right into the textile. And with watchOS 9, you can use all Nike watch faces with any Apple Watch. There are also two stylish new bands
for Apple Watch Hermès. "H Diagonal" uses hundreds
of micro-perforations to create a sporty pattern
of the iconic Hermès H. And "Gourmette Metal"
features a polished silver chain wrapping twice around the wrist
for a bold look. There's also a new
"Hermès Lucky Horse" watch face that celebrates their equestrian roots. That's the incredible
new Apple Watch Series 8 with temperature sensing,
retrospective ovulation estimates, Crash Detection,
and international roaming, on top of best-in-class health features like Blood Oxygen,
ECG, and sleep tracking. It has the latest design that users love
with an edge-to-edge display, great durability, and fast charging, and all the new features of watchOS 9. Apple Watch Series 8 will start
at $399 for GPS and $499 for cellular. And with the purchase
of any new Apple Watch, you'll also get 3 months of Fitness+ free. You can order today,
and it will be available September 16th. And that's Apple Watch Series 8. Now back to Jeff. Jeff:
I am so incredibly excited about Series 8. Let's take one more look
at this amazing watch. So you've taken up running. Apple Watch has taken up
a few new things as well. First, it tracked your distance.
Now, it's tracking your stride length. It learns your favorite route,
then lets you race against yourself. You're behind. Yeah, you're behind. When you're swimming, it can tell a breaststroke from a backstroke from a kickboard. And when you're done, it dries itself off. This isn't a dream.
Your watch can take an ECG. But if it was a dream, that watch would track your REM sleep
down to the minute. It checks your heart rate. It checks for temperature changes
to estimate when you've ovulated. It checks out
when you're buying spaghetti. It could already detect if you fell. Now the microphone detects
impact noise, the accelerometer senses
rapid deceleration, and the barometer measures
a shift in pressure consistent with an air bag going off. So it can check if you need help
after a car crash. And hey, it also shows
your ground contact time. Amazing. Have a nice run. Jeff:
Next, let's talk about Apple Watch SE. SE has been a huge hit, and for more than 80% of SE customers it's their very first Apple Watch. They love how SE delivers
the core Apple Watch experience at a more affordable price. SE is a fantastic way
to get started with Apple Watch. And this year, it gets even better. The new SE will be available
in Silver, Midnight, and Starlight– all in 100% recycled aluminum. And we've completely redesigned
the back case. It's now made of nylon
composite materials that match perfectly
with the three case finishes. And there's a new production process
that reduces its carbon footprint by over 80%. Now, back to Deidre to tell you more. Deidre: The second generation SE
continues to deliver the core benefits of Apple Watch that users love, like workout and activity tracking. It's swim-proof. It has high and low heart rate
notifications, emergency SOS, and fall detection. SE also includes the same motion sensors
as Series 8 to support Crash Detection. And with AirPods, you can listen
to your music anywhere. The SE display is 30% larger
than that of Series 3. And SE features the same
S8 System in Package that's in Series 8, making it up to 20% faster than before. SE continues to be the perfect Apple Watch
for Family Setup. With Family Setup, you can use your iPhone
to pair watches for your children who don't yet have their own iPhones. Kids can make phone calls and send
messages to contacts that you specify, connect to emergency services,
and share their location. And with new features coming soon
like the Home app and home keys in Wallet, Family Setup allows even more independence
for kids and more peace of mind for parents. SE offers everyone
the core features of Apple Watch, and now includes the faster S8 SiP, Crash Detection,
new case colors with matching back cases, and all the new capabilities of watchOS 9, all at a more affordable price
starting at $249 for GPS and $299 for cellular. You can order it today and it will
be available on September 16th. We are so excited about the great
new features coming to Series 8 and Apple Watch SE, and can't wait
for people to start using them. But we're not done yet. Here's Jeff to tell you even more. ♪ ♪ Jeff: We've been working
on something completely new. Over the years,
we've spoken to acclaimed explorers, accomplished adventurers,
and elite athletes who are drawn
to some of the most extreme environments– like Ray Zahab, an extreme explorer who's crossed some
of the harshest environments on foot, including the length of the Sahara Desert, and expeditions across Antarctica
and the Arctic, and Nadia Aly–
an accomplished diver, expedition leader
and renowned underwater photographer, and Scott Jurek–one of the most dominant
ultra-marathon runners in history and a seven-time winner
of the Western States 100-miler. Inspired by their stories, we set out to create an Apple Watch designed specifically for exploration,
adventure, and endurance, and it's extraordinary. This has been years in the making, and we can't wait to show it to you. ♪ ♪ Wanted for hazardous journey... long months of complete darkness... Bitter cold, constant danger, safe return... doubtful. Honor and recognition
in case of success. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Jeff: This is Apple Watch Ultra, a completely new design reimagined
with extraordinary new capabilities that expand the ways
you can use Apple Watch. Every detail has been engineered
to create the most rugged and capable Apple Watch ever. It starts with the case, made from aerospace grade titanium that strikes the perfect balance
of weight, durability, and corrosion resistance. The titanium case extends up to surround
the flat sapphire front crystal, protecting it from edge impacts
that can occur during extreme activities. And at the center of the 49mm case
is our biggest, brightest display ever in Apple Watch, making it easier to read
in the harshest sunlight. We also added a new button–
the Action button– in high-contrast "international orange". It's customizable and gives users quick
physical control for a range of functions. The Digital Crown has a larger diameter and coarser grooves, and the side button stands proud
of the case, both designed to be used
while wearing gloves. And the audio system excels
when you're out in the elements. We added a second speaker
for increased volume. Three strategically placed microphones
and advanced software help ensure voice clarity on calls,
even in windy conditions. And for maximum connectivity
and communication, cellular is built
into every Apple Watch Ultra. Ultra has the biggest battery
of any Apple Watch yet. It gets up to 36 hours
of battery life on a single charge. And Apple Watch Ultra can even get
up to 60 hours of battery life for a multi-day adventure using a new battery optimization setting coming later this fall. And to complement
the rugged utility of the hardware, we created our most technical face yet: Wayfinder. With a host of critical information,
it includes a compass in the dial and can be customized for the mountain,
ocean, or trail. And to optimize for evening conditions,
there's Night mode. Just rotate the Crown,
and the UI turns red for better visibility in the dark. Apple Watch Ultra
is designed to push boundaries. It's a versatile tool for anyone
who appreciates outdoor adventure, water sports, and endurance training. And for each of these,
we created a special band as meticulously crafted
as the watch itself. With explorers in mind,
we developed the Alpine Loop. The titanium G-hook securely fastens
through the reinforced top loops. The band is woven using
an innovative process that integrates the two layers
without any stitching. The Ocean Band is molded
in a high-performance elastomer with a tubular geometry,
allowing it to stretch for a perfect fit, even over a wetsuit. The titanium buckle
and adjustable loops secure the band
during high-speed water sports. For endurance athletes,
we created the Trail Loop. The lightweight textile
has increased elasticity for a comfortable, snug fit. It's our thinnest band yet, with a convenient tab
for making quick adjustments. Ultra is a totally new expression
of Apple Watch. Whether you're an accomplished athlete
or explorer or aspire to try exciting new activities, we think you're gonna love it. Here's Julz to tell you more. ♪ ♪ Julz Arney:
We set out to make Apple Watch Ultra the best sport watch out there, with features for every athlete. GPS performance is critical
for serious runners and athletes who want the most accurate metrics. A typical GPS solution works well
most of the time, but some environments are really tricky– like when tall buildings
or dense trees block satellites, making accurate GPS readings nearly
impossible when training and competing. The famed Chicago Marathon
is a great example. It's a notoriously challenging environment
for GPS because a big portion is run
between skyscrapers. So we designed a new, precision
dual-frequency GPS solution that, in addition to L1, also includes the latest frequency: L5, plus new, custom positioning algorithms. In dense urban conditions like this, Apple Watch Ultra provides
the most accurate GPS of any sport watch in the market. We also brought some great workout updates
to watchOS 9 inspired by high-performance athletes, with new metrics,
views, and experiences like vertical oscillation,
heart rate zones, and custom workouts. And now, with the addition
of the Action button on Apple Watch Ultra, you can make the workout experience
more powerful and more precise. Press the Action button for the most accurate start
to your workout. For triathletes and duathletes, the Action
button lets you instantly transition from one leg of your race to the next. And later this year,
we're enabling a new feature which automatically detects
when you arrive at a running track, ensuring the most accurate pace
and distance. The Action button lets you
conveniently mark a segment with a single press
for the ultimate track-running experience. For endurance athletes, the bigger
battery makes a big difference. Of course, you can easily complete
a marathon with battery life to spare. Using the new low-power workout setting, most athletes can do a 2.4-mile swim,
plus a 112-mile bike ride, and then run a marathon to complete a long-distance triathlon
with full precision GPS and heart rate. But Ultra is so much more. It's designed to help you explore
the most extreme and remote locations, from freezing-cold mountains
at -20° Celsius to the blazing desert heat
at 55° Celsius, or 130° Fahrenheit. When navigating in the backcountry,
a compass is an essential tool. So we completely redesigned
the Compass app with new precision views
and added capabilities. The orienteering view includes
Compass Waypoints to mark a position– like the location of the trailhead
or your tent– and they can be quickly added
using the Action button. And if you get lost or disoriented, Backtrack uses GPS data
to create a path of where you've been, so you can easily retrace your steps. And it turns on automatically in the
background when you go off the grid, just in case. Getting help when you need it is critical, especially in the backcountry. That's why Apple Watch Ultra has
a built-in 86 decibel siren that you can activate
using the Action button. It has a unique sound pattern
that alerts others to your location up to 600 feet, or 180 meters, away. Finally, Apple Watch Ultra
has been designed for water sports. It can withstand the intense
dynamic forces of activities like kitesurfing and wakeboarding, and it can go deep below the waves because we engineered it
to twice the water resistance, WR100. Using its new built-in depth gauge,
Ultra automatically launches a new Depth app when submerged to show current depth, underwater time,
and water temperature. We also want Ultra to be a great tool
for recreational scuba divers. So it's been certified to EN 13319, the internationally recognized standard
for dive computers and gauges. And we're partnering
with Huish Outdoors to create an exclusive app
that turns Apple Watch Ultra into a capable dive computer
for recreational scuba diving to the depth of 40 meters, or 130 feet. To tell you more
about this incredible app, here's Mike Huish, CEO of Huish Outdoors. ♪ ♪ Mike Huish: Our company is world-renowned for powering every aspect
of the underwater experience. And Oceanic has been a leading innovator
in scuba diving for over 50 years, introducing
some of the very first dive computers. We're thrilled to announce our new
Oceanic+ app for Apple Watch Ultra. This is so exciting for anyone
interested in scuba diving because now the same watch you wear
every day is also your dive computer. We've designed Oceanic+
with all the key features for recreational scuba divers
and free divers. And it works seamlessly
with our iPhone app to plan your dives. Our dive planner
calculates depth and time, and integrates dive conditions like tides, water temperature, and even up-to-date
information from the community, like visibility and currents. The best way to experience this
is on a real dive, so let's get in the water. Your dive metrics
are all simple and easy to read on the large, bright display. Our app runs
the Bühlmann decompression algorithm, which constantly calculates
and monitors dive parameters. So from the moment you start a dive, all critical information
is just a glance away. And unlike most dive computers,
which require you to perform a complex sequence of button presses
to find the information you need, our app uses simple gestures. Rotate the Digital Crown
to access additional screens or press the Action button
to set a compass heading. Oceanic+ provides all of
the safety warnings that you would expect from the most advanced
dive computers today, like decompression limits,
excessive ascent rate, and at the end of your dive,
safety stop guidance all smartly color-coded
to help make complex information easy to understand. Right after the dive, your data–including
your GPS entry and exit location– automatically syncs to your iPhone
and the cloud, where you can see
a summary of your dive profile. And in your logbook,
you can sort and search past dives, and instantly share your adventures
with family and friends, as well as the community. We can't wait for you to try it out
later this fall. The Oceanic+ app and Apple Watch Ultra
together create a powerful and easy-to-use dive computer
that will inspire more people to discover and explore
the underwater world. Now back to Jeff. So that's Apple Watch Ultra, the most rugged
and capable Apple Watch ever. With a 49mm titanium case, precision dual-frequency GPS, a customizable Action button,
long battery life, a built-in depth gauge, the biggest and brightest display–
up to 2000 nits– and all the other great features
of Series 8, it's designed
to help you run your longest race, explore the back country,
and dive the world's oceans. And Apple Watch Ultra,
as well as our entire watch lineup, was designed with the environment
in mind– from the use of recycled materials to suppliers' use of clean energy
during manufacturing. We're already carbon neutral
for our corporate operations, and these efforts move us even closer
toward our goal to become carbon neutral
for our entire product footprint by 2030. All models of Apple Watch Ultra
will be $799. You can order it today, and it will be available starting
on September 23rd. Here's another look
at the all-new Apple Watch Ultra. ♪ ♪ Every explorer has a packing list– the essential tools for heading out into the unknown. We put as many of those tools
on your wrist as we could. The result... was the new Apple Watch Ultra. Ultra's design pushes the boundaries so you can do the same. The rugged, yet lightweight, titanium case
extends to protect the flat sapphire crystal and can endure temperatures
that fall below zero or climb 130° above it. Into the unknown,
you'll want the battery to last for days. That's why Ultra was built
with a larger battery for multi-day use on a single charge. You'll also need a map. Or better yet, a dual-frequency GPS with pinpoint accuracy. The Compass has been redesigned and now has waypoint marking
and Backtrack, dropping points along your route
to keep you found when the conditions leave you lost. A turn of the Crown engages Night mode, which removes retina-altering blue light to ease the strain on your eyes
in the dark. Beside the bigger, brighter screen is its most versatile tool– a customizable Action button. One push lets you track race segments, find a way out, or start up a dive computer, which is now strapped to your arm, tracking everything from depth
to water temperature. The micro-polished sapphire surface
and sealed case result in an Apple Watch twice
as water resistant as any Apple Watch to come before it. And the audio system's three microphones
triangulate so you can be heard even in extreme weather. Of course, none of this matters
if it falls off your wrist. Which is why we've designed
three new bands– Alpine, Trail, and Ocean– for specific environments and maximum comfort, to endure long runs, hard falls, and ripping currents. Apple Watch Ultra is an essential tool for essentially anything. So what will your anything be? ♪ ♪ Jeff: And that's the Apple Watch lineup
for the fall, with Apple Watch SE providing core
features at an even more affordable price, Apple Watch Series 8 with Crash Detection, and a temperature sensor
that enables new women's health features in a design users love. And finally, Apple Watch Ultra, our most rugged, capable Apple Watch yet. This is our best lineup ever, and we can't wait
for users to experience them. And now, back to Tim. Tim:
I'm so excited about Apple Watch Ultra. It's a great addition
to our fantastic Apple Watch lineup, which just keeps getting
better and better. Now, let's turn to AirPods. Just like Apple Watch,
AirPods have become essential for so many people. Whether listening to music on a run or watching your favorite movie, AirPods work seamlessly
with Apple Watch and iPhone, and they provide an incredible audio
and cinematic experience with the simplicity and convenience
our users love. In fact, AirPods are the best
and most popular headphones in the world, and AirPods Pro
have become our most popular model, featuring exceptional
Active Noise Cancellation and unrivaled sound quality. We're excited to introduce
the next generation of AirPods Pro, our most advanced AirPods yet. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ To tell you more about the new
AirPods Pro, here's Mary-Ann. ♪ ♪ Mary-Ann Rau: At the heart of AirPods Pro
is our brand-new H2 chip, providing an incredible upgrade
to performance from H1 with high bandwidth connectivity
to unlock breakthrough audio experiences that only Apple silicon can deliver. The exceptional sound quality of
AirPods Pro is also now transformed with a new low distortion audio driver and a custom amplifier to power it. So whether you are dancing to J Balvin
or relaxing to SZA, you will hear even more detail and clarity across a wider range of sound frequencies. These advances come together
in a magical way with Spatial Audio, which takes the listening experience
to the next level by making sound feel like you are on stage with your favorite band
performing around you. ♪ ♪ We are taking this experience even further with Personalized Spatial Audio. With iOS 16, you can use
the TrueDepth camera on iPhone to create a personal profile
for Spatial Audio, because the way we all perceive sound
is unique based on the size
and shape of our head and ears. Personalized Spatial Audio will deliver
the most immersive listening experience by precisely placing sounds in space
that are tuned just for you. Another feature our users love
is Active Noise Cancellation, which has been a game changer. It reduces unwanted noise, so you can better hear your favorite song
while on the go. To create a next-generation experience,
H2 delivers advanced computational audio previously unable to run
on a device of this size. This, combined with optimizing
the placement of the acoustic vent and microphones, now enables
up to double the amount of noise cancelled over the original AirPods Pro, delivering even greater focus when you
want to be immersed in the moment. A great in-ear fit also helps
to provide passive noise reduction. With a new, extra small ear tip,
even more people can enjoy and comfortably wear AirPods Pro
throughout the day. ♪ ♪ When you want to be connected
to the world around you, there's Transparency mode. With the power of H2, we're taking
this experience to the next level with Adaptive Transparency, which dynamically reduces
the volume of harsh environmental noise like heavy construction. This is made possible because it
processes at 48,000 times per second to react instantaneously to any
high-decibel noise you are exposed to. ♪ ♪ Next, let's talk about how you control
all of these great experiences. The force sensor on AirPods Pro brought the capability to play
or pause media and answer calls
to keep you in the moment. Today, we're taking that convenience
even further by introducing touch control, which adds a capacitive sensing layer
so you can adjust volume with a light swipe up or down. The new AirPods Pro with H2
are not only more powerful, they are far more power efficient, delivering even longer battery life. Now, you will have up to 6 hours
of listening time from a single charge, which is a 33% increase
over the original AirPods Pro. And with the charging case,
you will have up to 30 hours of total listening time, which is an increase of 6 hours. The charging case is also core
to the convenience of AirPods Pro. Today, Find My can help you
locate AirPods Pro because each headphone
can individually play a sound. With the new AirPods Pro, if you happen to misplace
the charging case, precision finding will help you
navigate directly to it with U1 technology. We have also added a speaker
to the bottom of the case to help you find it
by playing louder tones. And the speaker will indicate
pairing, low battery, and when charging has started. To make charging easier,
in addition to the Lightning cable, you can now use your Apple Watch charger as well as MagSafe
or other Qi-compatible chargers. And with the addition of a lanyard
loop to the side of the case, your AirPods Pro
will always be within reach. These are the breakthrough
2nd generation AirPods Pro powered by H2, making our most popular AirPods
even better. We've built AirPods Pro
with the environment in mind. All magnets are made
with 100% recycled rare earth elements, and all outer plastic wrap
from the packaging is removed. And you can recycle all AirPods models. Just bring them to your nearest store
or mail them in. The new AirPods Pro
are available for $249, and you can order on September 9th. They're available on September 23rd
with free engraving, including Memoji. We can't wait for you to experience
the future of AirPods. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: The new AirPods Pro and Apple Watch
models are incredible products. They bring more capability
wherever you go. And they're designed to work seamlessly
with the most essential product of all: iPhone. People love iPhone and it's
an important part of our daily lives. We're constantly challenging ourselves
to raise the bar to make it better and even more loved. So let's take a look at the new iPhone. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ As you can see,
we're going big with iPhone 14, and even bigger with iPhone 14 Plus. Here's Kaiann to tell you all about it. ♪ ♪ Kaiann Drance:
The popular 6.1" size of iPhone 14 is joined by the new,
larger 6.7" size of iPhone 14 Plus. With a larger display,
you can enjoy more content when browsing the web. You can see more text or larger text. It looks great
with the incredible features of iOS 16, like the new Lock Screen and iCloud shared Photo Library. You can even get more workout details
in the Fitness app with the new Enhanced Workout Summary. With a larger display, you have more area
to watch your favorite show or play your most intense game. iPhone 14 also has an updated
internal design that improves thermal performance, which
is great for staying in the action longer. Both models have the gorgeous
Super Retina XDR display with OLED technology that supports
1200 nits peak HDR brightness, two million-to-one contrast ratio,
and Dolby Vision. iPhone 14 is designed to last, so you can count on it to be there
for you. Both models have Ceramic Shield– tougher than any smartphone glass– aerospace grade aluminum,
and water and dust resistance. They come in five gorgeous colors:
Midnight, Starlight, a great new shade of blue,
a strikingly elegant purple, and a truly eye-catching PRODUCT(RED). Users depend on their iPhone
for so many things, which is why iPhone 14 delivers
all-day battery life. iPhone 14 Plus lasts even longer
throughout your day with the best battery life ever
in an iPhone. The larger display and best battery life were previously only available in our Pro Max models, and now we're bringing it
to even more people. Now, let's talk about performance. iPhone 13 Pro introduced an amazing chip: the A15 Bionic with a 5-core GPU. It's a powerhouse that unlocks
extraordinary features and delivers great power efficiency,
privacy, and security. Now we are bringing this proven,
Pro-level performance to iPhone 14. The 5-core GPU is 18% faster, enabling even smoother graphics
in computationally heavy workloads like complex gaming. It has a powerful 6-core CPU
with two high-performance and four efficiency cores, and a 16-core Neural Engine that pushes the limits
of machine learning. Since its introduction,
A15 continues to be faster than all the competition
at any price. A15 is essential to iPhone 14. And with a custom image signal processor, A15 also powers innovative features
in the amazing new camera system. Here's Caron to tell you more. ♪ ♪ Caron Thor: iPhone is always with you and ready to quickly and effortlessly
capture your life's moments. Last year, over three trillion photos
were taken with iPhone! We develop unique,
state-of-the-art camera technology while staying true
to the craft of photography. Lighting is a fundamental part
of getting the best shot possible. It plays such an important role
in capturing everyday memories and jaw-dropping moments. iPhone enables gorgeous photo capture
across the entire range of light– from bright light,
where colors come alive, to low light, like indoors, to nighttime scenes. And iPhone 14 again sets
the standard for photo and video capture
regardless of where you are. It has a new 12MP Main camera
with a larger sensor, and larger pixels at 1.9 microns. It has a larger f/1.5 aperture and sensor-shift OIS for a powerful Main camera upgrade
and takes stunning shots everywhere. The faster aperture
allows better motion freezing, showing off vibrant colors
that bring the scene to life with great texture and detail. It delivers a 49% improvement
in low light capture, for more vibrant color and better results
in challenging lighting environments, while making Night mode exposure
twice as fast. And the Ultra Wide camera takes
incredible-looking photos and video, which is great for wider shots
and unique perspectives. The front camera enables
great-looking selfies, high quality video during FaceTime,
and so much more. iPhone 14 has a new TrueDepth camera. It has a faster f/1.9 aperture for a 38% improvement in low light capture
for photos and video. The new front camera has autofocus
for the first time, so it can focus clearly
at multiple distances. Together with TrueDepth capabilities, the front camera now has a hybrid system that can focus faster, even in low light. So you'll get better selfies, group shots
can be in focus from farther away, and you'll be able to show off
great detail up close. Low light environments can be
a unique challenge with photography. We've made incredible progress
in capturing in low light over the years with increasingly larger sensors
and faster apertures, more advanced lenses– all paired with intelligent software and our powerful Apple silicon that result
in incredible capabilities for low light. Deep Fusion is a great example. It's a huge achievement
in computational photography and uses the powerful Neural Engine to combine multiple frames
into a single image. This delivers extraordinary detail and preserves even the subtlest textures
in these mid- to lower-light environments. Now, we are taking
our image pipeline further by applying Deep Fusion much earlier in
the process on uncompressed images. This retains much more information
and detail, and enables rendering of more colors
and brighter colors. This new process unlocks our biggest step
forward yet for low light performance. We call it Photonic Engine. This is our enhanced image pipeline that dramatically improves
low-light photos. It goes beyond what hardware alone
can provide. The best part is that it benefits
every camera. When compared to iPhone 13, it enables photo low light improvement
up to two times on the front camera, two times on the Ultra Wide camera, and two-and-a-half times
on the new Main camera. You'll get photos
with much better detail and color, helping you remember
the moment the way you lived it. There's also a big improvement
to video this year. iPhone leads the industry
with the highest quality video and has great stabilization. It now has a new,
even more advanced stabilization mode that gives users a powerful tool
when capturing moments on the move. This is Action mode. It uses the full sensor with more overscan
and advanced roll correction to make video look incredibly stable
when you're in middle of the action. Simply toggle it on
for great-looking, smooth video, without having to carry extra gear
like a gimbal. It also supports and Dolby Vision HDR. The new iPhone 14 camera system
is a huge upgrade, enabling incredible-looking shots across
the entire range of shooting conditions. Back to you, Kaiann. ♪ ♪ Kaiann: Now let's talk about connectivity. iPhone has powerful capabilities that help our users stay in touch
on the go. This is especially true for 5G,
enabling super fast downloads, better streaming,
and real-time connectivity. And momentum for 5G is stronger than ever, with over 250 carriers around the world
on 5G. We've also made big improvements
to cellular technologies like eSIM, making it even easier to connect. An eSIM is a digital SIM that eliminates
the need for a physical SIM card. With eSIM, you can quickly transfer
an existing cellular plan or get a new cellular plan,
all digitally. You can even store multiple eSIMs
on the same device, meaning multiple cellular plans
and phone numbers. And it's more secure. Someone can't remove
the physical SIM card if your iPhone is lost or stolen. eSIM setup is easy. In just a few simple steps,
users are ready to make calls, send messages, and browse the web. You can even do this
without a Wi-Fi connection. Extensive planning and testing
with carriers helped enable the iPhone eSIM experience. This includes the US,
where eSIM support has skyrocketed, thanks to AT&T,
T-Mobile, Verizon, and many more. Now, for the first time, all US models
no longer have the SIM tray, so you don't have to deal
with a physical SIM card anymore. eSIM provides a simpler way
to activate and use iPhone. Next, let's talk about some features that make iPhone even more essential. iPhone is there when you need it most. That confidence is especially important
in moments where your safety is at risk. With iPhone 14,
we have two critical new safety features. It has Crash Detection– the same feature you just heard about
on new Apple Watch models. iPhone 14 has a new,
high dynamic range gyroscope and a new dual-core accelerometer that is able to detect up to 256 g's, and it can automatically notify
emergency services and emergency contacts
if you are in a severe car crash. If you have both Apple Watch
and iPhone, they seamlessly work together
to get you help efficiently. Now here's Ashley to tell you
about another new safety service coming to iPhone. ♪ ♪ Ashley Williams: Emergencies don't always
happen when it's convenient. When you need help,
you need it wherever you are, even if you don't have Wi-Fi
or cell service. Now, your iPhone can connect you
with the help you need when you're off the grid, like this. Rescue 07, Command. Please be advised,
a storm is headed your way two miles southeast. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Today, we are announcing
a groundbreaking new service for iPhone: Emergency SOS via satellite. While iPhone is designed
for a best-in-class cellular experience, connecting to a satellite presents
an entirely new set of challenges. Smartphones connect to cell towers
that are a few miles away. Over the last several decades, carriers have built
more and more cell towers to improve the strength and speed
of their network service. However, there are some places–
like winding back roads and mountain ridges–
that cell towers don't reach. Connectivity in these areas can
be provided by communication satellites. Unlike stationary cell towers, communication satellites
are hundreds of miles above the Earth, and flying at over 15,000 miles per hour. To connect to these satellites,
you need to be outside, with a clear view of the sky. And the bandwidth is so limited
that even sending a text message is a technical challenge. Typically, the only way to tap
into such a network is with an expensive device
that uses a bulky external antenna. We knew that approach
just wouldn't work for iPhone. So we invented another way. We designed and built custom components
and specific software so that iPhone 14 antennas can connect
to satellites' unique frequencies. That connection is only possible
when the phone is pointing directly at a satellite. However, satellites fly too high
to be seen by the human eye. So we created a unique user experience
that shows you where to point your phone to establish a connection,
and stay connected as the satellite moves. This way, no bulky antenna is needed. Once connected,
you need to send and receive enough information to get emergency help. Standard messaging protocols
are not designed for a satellite's limited bandwidth. So we created a custom
short text compression algorithm to reduce the average size of messages
by a factor of three. Thanks to this algorithm,
it can take less than 15 seconds to send a message
if you have a clear view of the sky. In other conditions,
such as light foliage, it may take a few minutes. And since each message can take some time, we knew a standard back-and-forth
conversation would take far too long
for an emergency situation. We worked with emergency experts
to surface the questions they're most likely to ask, and we provided the most common responses for you to choose from
with just a few taps. With fewer messages to write and send, you can get help quicker. After your message
is relayed to a ground station, it needs to reach
the right emergency service provider. If that emergency service provider
accepts text messages, we will connect you to them directly. If they only accept voice calls,
we have set up Relay Centers, staffed with highly-trained
emergency specialists ready to get your text and call an
emergency service provider on your behalf. It took years
to make this vision a reality through game-changing hardware, software,
and infrastructure innovation. This breakthrough service can also be used in more casual, less dire circumstances. So if you're out on a long hike,
you can use the Find My app to share your location manually
via satellite. This lets your loved ones know
where you are, without you even sending a message. Now, back to Kaiann. Kaiann: We believe that this service is such an essential part
of the iPhone experience that we'll include it free for two years
with iPhone 14. It launches in November,
and we're starting with the US and Canada. Now, let's talk about the environment. Since 2020, Apple's corporate operations
have been carbon neutral. To reach our goal
of carbon neutral products by 2030, we're looking at our environmental impact
across our supply chain and the entire product lifecycle. Over 200 of our suppliers have committed to 100% renewable energy
for Apple production. Our suppliers work to create less waste
and then reuse, recycle, or compost. In fiscal year 2021 alone, iPhone suppliers kept
over 250,000 metric tons of waste from ending up in a landfill– that's about one year's worth of waste from 730,000 households. We build our products to last. This durability enabled millions of
trade-ins to find new owners in 2021. And when it is time to recycle an iPhone, that has environmental benefits too. In fact, one metric ton of recovered
main logic boards and cameras has the same amount of gold and copper
as over 2,000 metric tons of mined rock. So don't throw away your old iPhone
or leave it sitting in a drawer– bring it to your nearest store
or mail it in. Together, we can reduce our impact
on the planet one step at a time. And that's iPhone 14, with powerful new cameras,
Photonic Engine, Action mode,
A15 Bionic with a 5-core GPU, Emergency SOS via satellite,
Crash Detection, and the larger 6.7" display size
with the best battery life in an iPhone, and so much more. And later this fall, Apple Fitness+
will be available to all iPhone users, even if they don't yet have
an Apple Watch. iPhone 14 will start at just $799. This is the same starting price
as last year's iPhone 13, but with so much more capability
that sets a new standard for iPhone. And iPhone 14 Plus starts at just $899, bringing the larger 6.7" display and the best battery life
to more people than ever. We also have incredible offers
from Apple and our partners, including up to $800 off in the US when you trade in a qualifying iPhone. iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus
are available for pre-order starting on September 9th. iPhone 14 will be available
on September 16th, and iPhone 14 Plus will be available
on October 7th. We're thrilled about iPhone 14.
Let's take a look. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ There's simply nothing like iPhone 14. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus
have incredible new features that will help our users
in meaningful ways. And that's just the first part
of our iPhone story today. With our Pro models we've introduced
some of our most important technologies like Face ID, Super Retina display, and our most advanced camera features
like sensor shift stabilization. I'm excited to share
our most innovative Pro lineup yet. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ To tell you more
about the new iPhone 14 Pro, here's Joz. ♪ ♪ Greg "Joz" Joswiak:
Our Pro models feature beautiful and strong surgical-grade stainless steel, together with
our industry-leading durability features, including Ceramic Shield
and water resistance. They come in four gorgeous colors: a new Space Black, Silver, Gold, and this all new Deep Purple. iPhone 14 Pro introduces
a new front design that is sure to become iconic. It starts with the new TrueDepth camera. We redesigned all components
to fit into a smaller size, using 30% less area. We put the proximity sensor
behind the display for the first time. With this change, we reconsidered
how you interact with your iPhone. Throughout the day,
you experience different types of alerts and notifications, and these are often happening
while you're doing other things on your iPhone. So we developed a new experience
that's even better. Here's Alan to tell you more. Alan Dye: Our goal was to design a space that clearly and consistently
surfaces alerts and background activity in a rich and delightful way, the result being an entirely new
and intuitive way to interact with iPhone, one that truly blurs the line
between hardware and software. We're calling it the Dynamic Island. We've designed this new space
to be highly adaptive so it can fluidly expand
into different shapes using uniquely crafted animations
and transitions. So now, when you receive an alert, the Dynamic Island expands to notify you. Our ambition is to clearly convey
the information and present content and controls without distracting from the app
you're in. This works across the entire system for things like
confirming your AirPods are connected, muting, or starting a charge. Each alert has its own personality, and it's been designed
with its own unique character, making it easy to identify at a glance, like when you're using FaceID, or tapping your iPhone
in transit locations. The Dynamic Island also displays
ongoing background activity, like when you're playing music. When you swipe to go home, the Music app gracefully morphs
into the Dynamic Island, always staying active and visible. And we've even designed it
to show the current album art. It's also completely interactive. You can tap and hold
to expose more options, or tap to go back to the app. So now, when you're on a call, you have easy access to controls
without leaving the app you're using. We've designed all these animations
to feel fluid, lively, and highly responsive. The Dynamic Island is always live
and active, heightening the sense of vitality by adapting in real time
to show you important information, like your next direction from Maps. And it's always visible
for ongoing activities, like when you're using the timer. We've designed Live Activities–
a new feature on the iOS 16 Lock Screen– to work seamlessly
with the Dynamic Island, including support for third-party apps, so you can keep track of what's happening
from anywhere on iPhone, like following a baseball game
without needing to leave the app you're in or not missing the Lyft ride
while texting friends. We've also created a robust design system
for developers, so every alert looks and feels consistent,
no matter which app it comes from. And when you have
more than one background activity, the Dynamic Island playfully adapts, bubbling out into two elements. At Apple, we're focused on creating
extraordinary products, products born from designing
hardware and software together, so you don't know where one ends
and the other begins. The Dynamic Island does this
in a truly magical way and enables
an entirely new iPhone experience. Back to Joz. Joz: iPhone 14 Pro has a stunning
new display with Pro features. This is the most advanced display
we have ever shipped. iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max
come in two great sizes, now with even thinner borders,
more active area, and the Dynamic Island. It is also brighter. The new display provides
peak HDR brightness of 1600 nits, bringing iPhone to the same level
as the Pro Display XDR. So photos and HDR movies
are gonna look amazing– including those you shoot on your iPhone. And for those bright, sunny days,
iPhone can now push brightness even higher for a peak of 2000 nits. That's twice as bright as before, and the highest peak brightness
of any smartphone. The new Lock Screen in iOS 16
introduces more personalization with widgets and Live Activities, so this is the perfect time to introduce Always-On display. It's easy to see the time
and other important information without raising your iPhone
or tapping the display. This keeps essential information available
for the moments where all you need is just a glance. This is made possible
by a number of new technologies that make the display
incredibly power efficient. This display can operate
at a refresh rate as low as 1Hz with a new low power mode, and we further improved
our LTPO technology, allowing the display to intelligently dim
the entire Lock Screen. We also take advantage
of multiple coprocessors in our chip to refresh the display
using minimal power, so the time, widgets, and Live Activities
are always available. And we use our photographic expertise
and powerful image segmentation to dim wallpaper photos
while preserving skin tones, so they continue to look great. And you can keep an eye
on your Live Activities without even touching your iPhone. With all these incredible features, the new Super Retina XDR
is the most advanced display ever in a smartphone. iPhone 14 Pro is powered
by our new A16 Bionic chip. Our newest generation of Apple Silicon
powers every experience on iPhone. With A16, we focused
on three important areas: power efficiency, display, and camera. Delivering incredible performance
with leading power efficiency is a hallmark of Apple silicon. A16 has nearly 16 billion transistors, the most ever in an iPhone. This is our first chip built
on a state-of-the-art 4-nanometer process, enabling greater efficiency
while delivering even more performance. In fact, A16 Bionic is the fastest chip
ever in a smartphone. The competition is still working
to catch up with the performance of A13 which we first introduced with iPhone 11
three years ago. The new 6-core CPU of A16
is generations ahead. It's up to a whopping 40% faster
than the competition. The CPU uses
our best-in-class fusion architecture which delivers both leading performance
and leading efficiency. Our two high-performance cores are faster
and use 20% lower power compared to A15 Bionic. And most daily tasks can be handled
by our high-efficiency cores. At the same performance level,
these new efficiency cores use one-third the power
of even the best of the efficiency cores from the competition. This allows iPhone to deliver
amazing battery life while still being extremely responsive. The new 16-core Neural Engine is capable of nearly 17 trillion
operations per second, which helps power iPhone's
advanced computational photography. And the 5-core GPU
has 50% more memory bandwidth– great for graphic-intensive games. There's also
an entirely new display engine in A16. This engine enables the 1Hz refresh rate,
Always-On capability, higher peak brightness,
and the advanced anti-aliasing that makes Dynamic Island animations
so incredibly smooth. A16 also flexes every muscle
for the iPhone 14 Pro camera system. It uses the CPU, GPU,
Neural Engine, and ISP to perform up to 4 trillion operations
per photo. And the image signal processor
was designed to support a new generation of technology that provides
our most powerful Pro camera system ever. This empowers every user
to take their best photos and videos– from the casual user to the professional. We're excited for iPhone 14 Pro to push
the boundaries for what's possible and usher in a new era
for iPhone photography. To tell you more, here's Vitor. ♪ ♪ Vitor Silva: iPhone 14 Pro introduces
a brand-new class of camera to iPhone: a 48MP camera
with a quad-pixel sensor. It is our largest sensor yet– 65% larger than the one on iPhone 13 Pro– features our 2nd-generation
sensor-shift OIS, and 100% focus pixels. It also features a new 24mm focal length, popular in photography for its versatility
to shoot great landscapes, group portraits, even single subjects. The quad-pixel sensor enables
a new flexible approach which adapts to the photo you're shooting. For most photos,
we want to optimize for light capture. So the new sensor groups every four pixels
into one large quad-pixel, with four times more light. This further improves light capture while maintaining
the practical 12MP photo size. Combined with the new Photonic Engine, the new Main camera has up to two times low-light improvement
for photos compared to iPhone 13 Pro. Let's take a look at what
the Main camera can do. You can capture stunning photos
across all lighting conditions. In this brighter shot,
the Main camera captured the beautiful, rich color of her skin, the detail of the fiber in the blanket, and even a little of her joy. For this photo, we locked exposure
on the woman's face. As the vibrant feathers fell,
iPhone kept her in sharp focus while creating a colorful texture
around her. In this low-light example,
the Photonic Engine captures incredible dynamic range, from the warm glow of her skin, the color of her eyes, to every little crease, fold,
and texture in the garment. The new sensor can optimize for detail
using each pixel individually, providing more creative options
for shooting and editing in pro workflows. With this approach we can go beyond
the three fixed lenses of the Pro camera system, adding a new 2x Telephoto option
for our users. We use the middle 12 megapixels
of the new sensor to deliver a full-resolution photo and 4K video with optical quality. This Telephoto has larger pixels
and a faster aperture than any previous 2x Telephoto camera
on iPhone, delivering incredible photos and videos. And it has a familiar focal length
that is great for Portrait mode, capturing stunning detail
with beautiful bokeh. We're also using the new sensor
to optimize for detail in ProRAW. ProRAW merges the best of our
intelligent computational photography with the benefits of the RAW format, giving Pro photographers
full creative control over things like sharpening,
white balance, and our advanced tone mapping
with more bit depth and dynamic range. You can now shoot ProRAW
at 48MP resolution, taking advantage of every pixel
in the Main camera and unlocking incredible
editing flexibility. The new sensor has
a different pixel pattern, so we designed
a new machine learning model that further enhances detail
and reduces noise. This leverages the full power
of A16 Bionic and results in an unprecedented level
of detail. It's unbelievable how much we can zoom in, like in this ethereal photo in Hawaii, revealing each individual rock
on the beach, and even dry branches from the trees. With more pixels,
Pro photographers can reframe their photos while still retaining great resolution. We are able to keep the sharpness
and warmth of her eyes as the focal point
of this high-resolution image. This makes the 48MP Main camera
even more versatile, further empowering the creativity
of the most Pro users. iPhone 14 Pro also has
a new Ultra Wide camera, with a larger sensor, more focus pixels and–together with the Photonic Engine– delivers a massive,
up to three times, improvement in light capture for photos. The new lens is sharper, with more detail, so macro gets even better, like this katydid bug captured in a split second to reveal more
than was visible to the naked eye. The flash was completely redesigned
for a new adaptive behavior based on the focal length of the photo. With a new array of nine LEDs,
we control the pattern and intensity. So it's up to twice as bright, with up to three times better uniformity compared to our previous generation. And with the new Photonic Engine,
all cameras of iPhone 14 Pro get a dramatic improvement
in low-light performance, including up to two times better
for the Telephoto camera. Together with higher-resolution photos
and more creative options, this is our most powerful Pro camera
system ever. Now, back to Joz. ♪ ♪ iPhone is already the choice
for filmmakers because of its versatility
and cinema-grade video. iPhone is the only smartphone
to shoot in ProRes, and the only device in the world with an end-to-end workflow
in Dolby Vision HDR. iPhone 14 Pro also has our new Action mode for shooting videos
with our best stabilization. And Cinematic mode gets a great update, now supporting up to 4K resolution
and 30 frames per second for even more detail. Pro filmmakers can also choose to record
in 4K at 24 frames per second– the cinematic standard. This is the biggest leap ever
for iPhone camera, and we are continuing to raise the bar for our industry-leading video quality. People count on iPhone throughout the day. So long battery life
is incredibly important to our users. Even with industry-leading performance, new Pro camera system,
and Always-On display, iPhone 14 Pro delivers
all-day battery life. So that's iPhone 14 Pro
and iPhone 14 Pro Max. The Dynamic Island and Always-On display
introduce new ways to experience iPhone. Powered by the A16 chip with the new 48MP Main camera,
beautiful new finishes, Crash Detection
and Emergency SOS via satellite, this is the best iPhone
we've ever created. Like iPhone 14,
our Pro models are designed with features to reduce
their environmental impact. They use recycled materials,
like gold and rare earth elements, and meet our high standards
for energy efficiency. Let's see iPhone 14 Pro in action. ♪ ♪ All right, lock it up.
Roll sound, please. -Lock it up. It is time to go beyond what a smartphone can do... All right, roll camera. With a massive camera upgrade, the A16 Bionic chip... And action. An entirely new category
of safety innovations, and never-before-seen
display technology, this is iPhone 14 Pro. Cut! The Always-On display
artfully dims your wallpaper to create a unique,
low-powered Lock Screen, making go-to information
available at just a glance. And introducing
a remarkable innovation, that is both hardware and software
and something in between: the Dynamic Island. An interactive place
that bubbles up alerts, notifications, and activities, fluidly transforming itself as needed. ♪ ♪ It's an entirely new way
to experience iPhone. ♪ ♪ Chin up a little bit. You are now looking at the most impressive
iPhone camera system yet. In a major leap,
the iPhone Pro's Main camera has a 48MP quad-pixel sensor. It captures breathtaking detail,
depth, and color, and now gives you the equivalent
of four pro lenses at the ready. With every photo, the quad-pixel sensor captures
four times more information than ever before. Then the A16 Bionic, powering the new Photonic Engine, analyzes and perfects every pixel with up to 4 trillion operations achieving an astonishing new level
of sharpness and detail. ♪ ♪ And now, Pro photographers
will now be able to capture an uncompressed,
48MP ProRAW image, giving you even more resolution to rescale, retouch,
and reimagine your photos. That was perfect.
Let's go again. Building off iPhone's leap ahead in ProRes
and Dolby Vision video technology... And action. iPhone 14 Pro now includes
new Action mode, allowing gimbal-like stabilization for all your action scenes. And Cinematic mode
will be even more powerful for Pro filmmakers, with 4K resolution
and 24 frames per second recording. iPhone 14 Pro is capable of shots that for most film cameras
are simply impossible. You can rely on your iPhone every day, and now it can even help
in emergency situations. For the first time, iPhone 14 Pro will be able
to communicate with satellites with Emergency SOS... Allowing you to deliver
critical information to emergency services in places where Wi-Fi
and cell service are unavailable. And a feature we hope
you never have to use... Commencing test. ♪ ♪ Crash Detection. Using a high g-force accelerometer gyroscope, sensors,
and machine learning algorithms, iPhone 14 Pro can detect
when there has been a severe car crash and automatically call
emergency services. ♪ ♪ Supercharged
by nearly 16 billion transistors, the A16 Bionic is the fastest chip
in a smartphone and powers the most impressive range
of Pro innovations yet. 911. What's your emergency? The iPhone 14 Pro goes above and beyond, redefining what a smartphone can be... Again. ♪ ♪ Even with these groundbreaking features, iPhone 14 Pro still starts at $999, and iPhone 14 Pro Max at $1099, with storage options up to 1TB. We also have fantastic offers from Apple
and our carrier partners, including up to $1000 off in the US
when you trade in a qualifying iPhone. You can pre-order both models
on September 9th and they will be available
on September 16th. This is our most incredible
iPhone lineup ever, including iPhone 13, iPhone 12, and iPhone SE,
starting at just $429. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: Thank you, Joz,
and thanks to all of our presenters. What an incredible day of announcements
about products that are truly essential
to our daily lives. Apple Watch Series 8, equipped
with best-in-class health features and Crash Detection
continue to make Apple Watch the gold standard for smart watches. The new Apple Watch SE brings
all the core features of Apple Watch to even more users. And the remarkable Apple Watch Ultra– an entirely new category of Apple Watch with its rugged design, long battery life,
and breakthrough technologies– is the most capable watch ever. The new AirPods Pro deliver
an even better audio experience, including improved
Active Noise Cancellation, Personalized Spatial Audio,
and longer battery life. iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus,
with a larger 6.7" display, are full of innovations, including a fantastic new camera system and a new front camera with auto-focus. iPhone 14 Pro
and iPhone 14 Pro Max: the best iPhones we've ever created, with a new way to experience iPhone, as well as the industry-leading
A16 Bionic, Always-On display, and powerful
new camera technologies. And we're continuing to build
more safety features into iPhone with Crash Detection
and, for the first time, the ability to communicate via satellite, delivering the Emergency SOS service. These incredible products each offer
so many great capabilities and work seamlessly together
in a way that only Apple can deliver. Making products that are so personal
and indispensable is what drives us to continue innovating, improving on what are already
best-in-class experiences. I'm proud of all the teams
and hard work that went into making today's
announcements possible. And I'm excited to see all of the amazing
things you'll do with these new products. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ . . ♪ ♪ ♪ Spirals are spinning ♪ ♪ Don't fly away ♪ ♪ Light comes to anywhere you like ♪ ♪ And I hope that you feel it ♪ ♪ There's no time to waste ♪ ♪ Just take me to where we collide ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And I hope that you feel it ♪ ♪ There's no time to waste ♪ ♪ Just take me to where we collide ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim Cook: Good morning.
Welcome to WWDC! And welcome to Apple Park for this very special day
of announcements about our latest technologies
and platforms. We love to see our amazing developers
dream up big ideas and bring those ideas to life
in the incredible apps they create. It's remarkable to think
that this year marks the 15th anniversary of the App Store,
which changed everything. Together with the iPhone, developers' apps have helped create
entirely new industries, enriched the lives of our users,
and changed the world. We are committed to providing developers
with resources, tools, and opportunities to help them
do their amazing work. One of these important resources is our Worldwide Developers Conference. We are excited to kick things off
with this morning's announcements. Our teams are continuing to innovate– creating breakthrough experiences
for our customers. Driven by the deep integration
of hardware, software, and services, these experiences deliver the magic
that comes when using our products. It's something only Apple can do. Today we're going to make some
of our biggest announcements ever at WWDC. We'll be talking about the future
of our incredible software platforms as well as introducing
some exciting new products. So to get it started,
I'd like to hand it over to John to talk about the Mac. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ John Ternus: The Mac has been
completely transformed by the transition to Apple silicon, with industry-leading performance,
new capabilities, and extraordinary battery life. Apple silicon has also enabled developers to take their apps further than ever and do things that simply
weren't possible before. And its power-efficient performance enables us to create new systems
we could only dream of making in the past, like the amazing
13-inch MacBook Air with M2. With its incredible performance,
brilliant display, all-day battery life, and striking design, it's our most loved Mac. And it's also
the world's best-selling laptop. Well, today,
we have even bigger news to share on another product
made possible by Apple silicon. Here it is… ♪ ♪ ♪ Dream big ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ ♪ Dream big ♪ ♪ I didn't know this could be so ♪ ♪ Easy ♪ ♪ Dream big ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Big ♪ Introducing the 15-inch MacBook Air. It's the world's best 15-inch laptop. And here's Kate to tell you all about it. Kate Bergeron:
The new Air has everything you could want in a 15-inch laptop. It starts with a design
that's astonishingly thin and light, yet feels incredibly solid and durable. It's only 11.5 mm thin, making it the world's thinnest
15-inch laptop. And it's easy to carry around
at just over three pounds. It features MagSafe charging,
two Thunderbolt ports, and a headphone jack
for versatile connectivity. And it comes in four gorgeous finishes, including Midnight and Starlight. The Air has a brilliant
Liquid Retina display, with an expansive 15.3-inch screen that's surrounded by thin, 5 mm borders, so you can see even more of your content. And with up to 500 nits of brightness and support for one billion colors, everything looks remarkably rich
and vibrant. It has a great 1080p camera
for video calls along with a three-mic array so you come through loud and clear. And the new Air sounds awesome! With six speakers,
including force-canceling woofers, it delivers immersive Spatial Audio. All of this is enabled by the M2 chip, which delivers amazing performance
and battery life. In fact, the new Air is 12 times faster than the fastest
Intel-based MacBook Air. And it gets an astonishing
18 hours of battery life. So what makes the new Air
the world's best 15-inch laptop? Well, 15-inch PC laptops are full of tradeoffs between performance, display resolution, battery life,
and design. When compared to the
best-selling 15-inch PC laptop with a Core i7 processor, MacBook Air is up to twice as fast. And its display is twice the resolution and 25% brighter. Even with better performance
and a better display, you still get up to 50% more battery life
than on the PC. When it comes to design, the Air is nearly 40% thinner and half a pound lighter than the PC. And its fan-less design
runs completely silent. With all these great features
in the new Air, it's the only 15-inch laptop
that has it all. If this is your first Mac, you'll enjoy how easy it is
to set up and use. And once you start using it, you'll see how seamlessly
it works with iPhone. So you can do things like copy something
on your phone, and paste it with your Mac
using Universal Clipboard. Or pick up where you left off
on a thread in Messages with Handoff. So that's the new 15-inch MacBook Air. It has an expansive display, the incredible performance of M2, a six-speaker sound system,
and tremendous battery life, all in the world's thinnest
15-inch laptop. Now, back to John. John: We're super excited about
the all-new 15-inch MacBook Air, the world's best 15-inch laptop. And it starts at just $1299! And $1199 for education. An incredible value
for such an incredible laptop. You can to order it today, and it'll be available next week. We're also excited
that the 13-inch MacBook Air now starts at $1099–
$100 less than before. And the 13-inch Air with M1
remains in the lineup at $999. So customers have more choices than ever to find the perfect Air for them. So that's MacBook Air. Next, let's talk about our pro products. Earlier this year, we announced
M2 Pro and M2 Max, along with the new MacBook Pro
and Mac mini, and users have been amazed
by their performance. Well, now we have even more
exciting news for pros, starting with Mac Studio. Introduced last year,
Mac Studio is an entirely new product designed specifically for pros,
and it's been a breakthrough. Users have been astonished
by what they can do with it, and satisfaction is through the roof. They love that it puts
tremendous performance and extensive connectivity in a compact form
that lives right on their desk. And you can already find it in the heart of hundreds of thousands
of home and pro studios across the world. Like at NBC, where they use it to deliver
"Saturday Night Live" every week. And at Air Studios,
where sound engineers use it to bring blockbuster movies to life. And at Lux,
where software developers rely on it to create cutting-edge apps, like Halide. Today, we're excited to give Mac Studio
its first big update. And here's Jennifer to tell you more. Jennifer Munn:
Users love Mac Studio for its incredible performance
and connectivity, and today, both get even better. First, Mac Studio is getting
the immensely capable M2 Max, and it's a performance powerhouse. Developers can build new versions of apps
at warp speed, with up to 25% faster performance
than M1 Max. Motion graphics designers using
After Effects can render up to 50% faster than M1 Max. Mac Studio with M2 Max is also
4 times faster than the most powerful Intel-based iMac. And that's not all. Today, we're adding one final chip
to the M2 family, taking Mac performance to new heights. Introducing M2 Ultra. It is a monster of a chip! Connecting two M2 Max die together with our groundbreaking
UltraFusion architecture, it doubles the performance of M2 Max. The 24-core CPU in M2 Ultra delivers 20% faster performance
than M1 Ultra. And its 76-core GPU is 30% faster
than M1 Ultra. Finally, the 32-core Neural Engine
is 40% faster. And M2 Ultra can support an enormous 192GB of unified memory, which is 50% more than M1 Ultra, enabling it to do things
other chips just can't do. For example, in a single system,
it can train massive ML workloads, like large transformer models that the most powerful discrete GPU
can't even process because it runs out of memory. So that's M2 Ultra–
our largest and most capable chip ever. With a mighty CPU and GPU combined with massive memory
bandwidth in a single SoC, it's the most powerful chip ever created
for a personal computer. And today,
we're bringing M2 Ultra to Mac Studio, taking performance even further. Compared to Mac Studio with M1 Ultra, colorists using DaVinci Resolve will see up to 50% faster video processing
than before. 3D artists using Octane can now render up to three times faster! And with M2 Ultra's Media Engine, video editors can playback
a mind-blowing 22 streams of 8K ProRes video. No other computer
in the world comes close! Mac Studio with M2 Ultra is also a whopping six times faster than the most powerful Intel-based iMac. M2 Max and M2 Ultra take Mac Studio performance
to a whole new level. For connectivity, Mac Studio now has
higher bandwidth HDMI, enabling up to 8K resolution and 240-hertz frame rates. And with M2 Ultra, it can support an incredible
six Pro Display XDRs, driving over 100 million pixels! So that's the new Mac Studio. It's a performance powerhouse taking demanding workflows
to the next level. And we're not done yet. There are some pro users
who want ultimate performance, yet depend on internal PCI expansion
as well. Like audio engineers at Skywalker Sound, who work on feature films like Oscar winner "Top Gun: Maverick," and artists at Color Collective, who grade films like Oscar winner "Everything Everywhere All At Once." So today,
we're bringing Apple silicon to one more pro product. Introducing Mac Pro
with Apple silicon. It combines our most powerful chip with PCI expansion to tackle the most demanding workflows. First, every Mac Pro comes with
the outrageous performance of M2 Ultra. Compared to the fastest Intel-based
Mac Pro, many real-world pro workflows, like video transcoding and 3D simulation, are three times faster. A key reason is the amount
of unified memory in M2 Ultra, which is up to a gigantic 192GB. It enables the new Mac Pro to do things
simply not possible before, like render Disney's Moana Island scene with massive geometry and textures. Another reason is M2 Ultra's Media Engine, which accelerates video processing. The Intel-based Mac Pro does this
using Afterburner, a card that can play three streams
of 8K ProRes video. Now, every Mac Pro has Afterburner performance built in! And not just one, but the performance
of seven Afterburner cards! It's incredible! In fact, when using six video I/O cards, Mac Pro can ingest 24 4K camera feeds and encode them to ProRes in real time, all on a single machine. And the wide array
of advanced connectivity on Mac Pro gets even better
with eight built-in Thunderbolt ports– six on the back and two on the top– which is twice as many as before. Finally, Mac Pro brings PCI expansion
to Apple silicon. It features six open expansion slots
that support gen 4, which is two times faster than before. So users can customize Mac Pro
with essential cards, including audio and video I/O,
networking, and storage. Finally, it's available in both tower and rack mount enclosures. So that's the new Mac Pro,
powered by Apple silicon. With incredible M2 Ultra performance, tremendous connectivity, and the versatility of PCI expansion, it takes even the most demanding workflows to a whole new level. Now, back to John. John:
Today we've announced not just one, but the two most powerful Macs
we've ever made. Mac Studio with M2 Max
still starts at $1999, an incredible value for pro users. And with huge performance increases
from M2 Ultra, Mac Pro starts at $6999. You can order both products today, and they'll be available next week. They join our other Pro systems
to give our users the most powerful and capable lineup
of Pro products that Apple has ever offered. This completes the transition
to Apple silicon, which has completely transformed
the desktop and laptop experience. And we're just getting started. For Intel-based Mac users,
every Mac is now a gigantic upgrade. And for PC users,
there's never been a better time to switch to a Mac. Now, back to Tim. Tim: With Apple silicon, it's remarkable how far
we've taken the Mac in such a short amount of time. It's the best and most capable lineup in the history of the personal computer, and I couldn't be more excited
about its future. And it's the integration
of our hardware and software that brings our amazing products to life. Our software platforms
enable our developers to do their amazing work, as well as provide incredible experiences
for our users. So to tell you what's new
with our software platforms, here's Craig. ♪ ♪ Craig Federighi:
Let's start with iOS. This year, we looked across
the entire iPhone experience to provide delightful new features that make the things you do on iPhone
more personal and intuitive. Our next release, iOS 17, delivers more expressive communication, simplified sharing,
more intelligent input, and all-new experiences for your iPhone. Let's begin with some major updates to three apps that are central to how you communicate
with people every day: Phone, FaceTime, and Messages. The Phone app is essential
to the iPhone experience. Some of our most special moments
start with a phone call, and we're making a big update
to the Phone app this year. First, we're giving you a brand-new way
to express yourself with personalized Contact Posters. You get to customize
exactly how you're represented when you give people a call. Contact Posters feature
beautiful treatments, for both photos and Memoji, paired with eye-catching typography. And in Chinese and Japanese, the new layout with vertical text
looks incredible. This rich new visual identity
doesn't just show up in calls. It's also part of your contact card, so you'll have a consistent look
across the places where you communicate and share. With Posters, you're in control! Customizing your Poster works
a lot like personalizing your Lock Screen. Decide on the image, font, and color. The possibilities are endless. And when calls come your way, whether they're from your neighbor,
your friend, or your boss, they're going to stand out
in a whole new way. And for developers,
this all works with CallKit, so posters will appear for calls placed via third-party VoIP apps too. Next, we have a powerful new feature to help you make a more informed decision about when to answer an incoming call: Live Voicemail. Sometimes, when a call comes in
from an unknown number, it's hard to know whether it's one
you want to pick up. Now, when someone calls you
and leaves a message, you'll see a live transcription in real
time as they speak. If it's something you want
to address right away, you can pick up the call
to talk to them right then and there. This is great for calls
from friends and family too. Imagine you get a phone call
while in a meeting and want to know
whether it's something urgent or if it can wait
until the meeting has wrapped. You'll see the voicemail
right on your screen, so you can decide whether to step out
and take the call. Thanks to the power of the Neural Engine, Live Voicemail transcriptions
are handled on-device, preserving your privacy. And there's another type of call
getting a big update: FaceTime, where we've added one of our most requested
communication features. Now, when you call someone on FaceTime and they aren't available,
you'll be able to leave a message. So whether you're just calling
to say "hey," or want to share a precious moment, you can record a message
so that they can enjoy it later. Next, to tell you about some updates to another way we love to share
and communicate every day, here's Kim. Kim Beverett: Messages is the way
we stay connected with the people who matter most. To start, let's quickly cover
some key improvements that make using Messages
even faster and more convenient. First, search is more powerful and precise with the addition
of search filters. So now, you can start a search
and then add additional terms to narrow the results to find
exactly what you're looking for. Next, a new catch-up arrow
in the top right of your conversation lets you jump to the first message
you haven't seen. It's perfect on busy days
when the group chat is blowing up. We've also made replying inline
faster than ever. Just swipe to reply on any bubble. And for those times
when you get an audio message but you aren't able to listen right away, they're now transcribed, so you can read them in the moment,
and listen later. Finally, location sharing
now lets you keep track of your friend's location
directly in the conversation. Next, I'd like to share
an important new feature for those situations
where you want to let a loved one know you made it back home safely:
Check In. Whether you're walking home after dark, or going for an early morning run, you can start Check In
with a family member or friend to let them know when you get home safely. As soon as you arrive, Check In automatically detects
that you're home and lets your friend know. But if something unexpected were to happen
while you're on your way, it can recognize
that you're not making progress towards your destination
and check in with you. And if you don't respond,
it can automatically share useful information, such as your
current location and the route you took, and they'll also be able to see
your battery level and cell service status so they know
if you might be able to take their call. And any information
you shared with your friend is end-to-end encrypted. So that's Check In,
an easy way to feel reassured that your loved ones have your back. We also have an updated design for how you get to all your iMessage apps. They used to live above your keyboard and now, they are gracefully tucked away, giving your conversations
this sleek, new look. With just a tap of this new plus button, you'll see all the things
you send the most, like your photos, audio messages,
and location. And when you swipe up, you'll see
all your iMessage apps there too. Also inside this menu is
something you are going to love: a brand-new Stickers experience. Let me show it to you. By tapping the plus button and then tapping Stickers, you'll see the brand-new drawer that brings all my stickers
into one place, like my recently used stickers, Memoji, and any sticker packs
I've downloaded. And we've made all Emoji into stickers. I can peel and stick an Emoji sticker. And I can rotate and resize it too! Last year, we introduced the ability
to lift a subject from the background of your photos. And now, those subjects
can be turned into stickers. By tapping the new Live Stickers tab, I see all the stickers I've made
with my own photos. Let me show you how I made these. I'll tap the plus button. I can pick any one of these photos
and turn it into a sticker. And check this out. When I tap on the Live Photos tab, I see all of the Live Photos that will make great animated stickers. Why don't we make a sticker out of... this one? And just like that, it gets added
right into my Live Stickers tab. From there, I can send my sticker inline, or peel and stick like this. You can also add effects to Live Stickers. When you tilt your phone in Messages,
they really come to life. Best of all, you can now react to messages by adding stickers directly to any bubble from the Tapback menu. And the fun doesn't stop in Messages. We've added Stickers system wide, so you can access
your full sticker collection in Markup and anywhere you can
access Emoji today, including in third-party apps. So that's Messages. Now, back to Craig. Craig: These updates to Messages,
FaceTime, and Phone will enhance the way
we communicate every day. iPhone provides many ways
to share content with others. And we have some exciting updates to how we share with AirDrop. AirDrop makes it easy to share
a file with a colleague or send photos to a friend in seconds. And this year, we're expanding
how you can use AirDrop to share in all new ways, starting with how you swap your number
with someone new. Today, you either hand your phone to them, or one of you dictates your information
while the other types it. Now there's a better way: NameDrop. With NameDrop, you can just
bring your phones close together. You'll see the same contact poster
we talked about for phone calls, and you can easily choose
the phone numbers and email addresses you want to share along with it and share them, just like that! And to make exchanging contacts
even more convenient, you can use NameDrop with an iPhone
and an Apple Watch too. And we're also using this same gesture to make it easier than ever
to AirDrop content, and even kick off shared experiences. When you want to share the stunning photos
you took on your latest adventure, again, just bring your phones
close together. It's that simple. And for those times when someone
is sending over a ton of photos or a large video file
and you need to step away, you can now leave AirDrop range, and your content will continue
to send securely in full quality over the Internet. You can also bring your devices together to instantly kick off a shared activity using SharePlay, like when you're going for a run and want to share some music
to stay on the same beat. And for developers,
this will work automatically for apps that support SharePlay, so you can bring your phones together to watch the same livestream on Twitch or jump into a coding game
together with Imagi. It's never been easier to share. Next, let's talk about some enhancements that will make text input
even more intelligent with the Keyboard and Dictation. iOS 17 brings big updates
to the intelligence in the keyboard that improve the experience
every time you type. It starts with the feature at the core
of typing accurately on iPhone: Autocorrect. Autocorrect is powered
by on-device machine learning, and over the years,
we've continued to advance these models. The keyboard now leverages
a Transformer language model, which is state of the art
for word prediction, making autocorrect more accurate
than ever. And with the power of Apple silicon, iPhone can run this model
every time you tap a key. Autocorrect is also getting more capable, with a refreshed design
to better support you as you type. Sentence-level autocorrections can fix more types
of grammatical mistakes. If an autocorrection isn't quite
what you wanted, tapping on the underlined word
shows what you originally typed, with the option
to quickly revert back to it. And in those moments where
you just want to type a ducking word, well, the keyboard will learn it too. When it comes to speeding up your typing, predictive text already helps you
quickly finish, add, or change a word. And now you'll get predictions
in line as you type, so finishing a word
or even the whole sentence is as easy as tapping the space bar. And predictions improve based
on the phrases and words you use, so they're more personalized. Another core part of the keyboard
is Dictation, which gets a new Transformer-based
speech recognition model that leverages the Neural Engine to make Dictation even more accurate. These updates make typing on iPhone
better than ever. Last, let's talk about
some exciting new experiences we're bringing to iOS 17, starting with a new way to reflect on
and relive special moments. Here's Adeeti to tell you more. Adeeti Ullal: Being reminded
of life's special moments is a really powerful thing. For instance, we often hear about how much people love watching
Memory movies created from their photos. So we wanted to create a new way to help people not only remember, but also write about their experiences, inspired by rich details from their day, including people, places,
activity, and even music, in addition to photos. Today, we're excited to introduce Journal, a brand-new app coming to iPhone
later this year. Journaling is a great way
to practice gratitude and has been shown to improve
your wellbeing. Journal makes it easy to get started
and enjoy these benefits. Using on-device machine learning, your iPhone can create
personalized Suggestions of moments to inspire your writing. Suggestions will be intelligently curated
from information on your iPhone, like your photos, location,
music, workouts, and more. And you control what to include
when you enable Suggestions, and which ones to save to your Journal. And for developers,
Suggestions will be available as an API so they can be used in their apps too. Some Suggestions are personalized,
and some are reflection prompts to inspire writing
across a range of themes. You can pick any of them
to start a new journal entry. Let's look at this one of a trip. It includes where you went,
the music you listened to, and photos you took there. You can add these to your journal
in one tap. And when you do,
there's even a writing prompt, like "What was the highlight
of your visit?" so it's easy to get started. As you capture life's precious moments, you can mark important ones
and revisit them later to help you find new insights
or set new goals. And to stay consistent,
you can schedule notifications for the start or end of your day, to remind you to write and to tell you when new Suggestions are available. Of course, your Suggestions and entries
are incredibly personal, and Journal is designed
to keep them private. With on-device processing,
end-to-end encryption, and the ability to lock your journal, no one but you can access it–
not even Apple. So that's Journal. And now, back to Craig. Craig: Journal will be a great way
to preserve rich and powerful memories
and practice gratitude. Now, I'm really excited to tell you about
another new experience coming to iOS 17. With iPhone in your hand, you have all the information you need, right when you need it. We saw an opportunity to create
something new and different for those moments
when you set iPhone down. We call it StandBy. Just by turning iPhone on its side
while charging, you get a new full-screen experience with glanceable information
designed to be viewed at a distance. StandBy is perfect for your nightstand, kitchen counter, or desk. And with the Always-On Display
on iPhone 14 Pro, it's always available. When you wake up,
it's easy to see the time with a clock. And it's easy to personalize. Swipe up to choose from a range
of beautiful clock styles. Swipe to the side, and you can look back
on your favorite moments in photos. StandBy automatically shuffles through
your best shots, taking full advantage of the screen. It also embraces the power of widgets, which are more glanceable than ever. With a quick swipe on each widget stack, you can see the current weather,
home controls, or your favorite third-party widgets. And since these are Smart Stacks, just like on the Home Screen, they automatically surface
the right information at the right time. Like your schedule
before a meeting starts. With support for Live Activities, you can also see the score of the game or when your food delivery is arriving. Siri in StandBy works great, with rich visual results
that are easy to view. And it's just as easy to ask to play music or set a timer hands free. At night, when you're charging iPhone, StandBy adapts to low light, taking on a beautiful red tone
to help you sleep. And for each place you charge
with MagSafe, StandBy will remember your preferred view. So that's StandBy. We think it's going to make
iPhone even more useful in those moments when you set it down. iOS 17 has many more features, including the ability to simply say "Siri"
to activate Siri. And now you can issue
back-to-back commands without needing to say "Siri" again. In Maps, you can select an area and download a map to your device
to use when you're offline. And in Photos,
the People album is better than ever at spotting your favorite people, and now can even recognize
the cats and dogs that are part of your family too. And that's iOS 17. With big updates to the Phone app with
new Contact Posters and Live Voicemail, Messages improvements
with a new Stickers experience, more ways to share with AirDrop, and improved typing and dictation. Along with all-new experiences
like Journal and StandBy. Now, let's head downstairs
to talk about iPadOS. ♪ ♪ iPadOS powers iPad, our most versatile device, and it enables our users
to do so many things. Over the years, we've added features
that make it even more capable from jotting down
your latest ideas in Notes, to working with multiple apps, to spreading out your projects
across displays. And just last month, we further stretched
the bounds of what's possible on iPad by bringing Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro, our industry-leading professional video
and music creation apps to iPad redesigned from the ground up
to be a touch-first, all-pro experience
for the next-generation of creators. Our next release, iPadOS 17, takes iPad even further, bringing new levels of personalization
and making iPad even more capable. Starting with widgets and the Lock Screen. Let me show you. Widgets were designed to quickly
convey information at a glance. Now we've made widgets interactive, and I can take action
directly in the widget without even opening an app. So I can not only see my Reminders, I can also tap one to mark it as complete
right here, and as I do,
the widget gracefully animates it away. These types of quick interactions
are useful in many scenarios. At home, I can control my lights
right from the Home widget. And start playing an album
with the music widget. And developers can add interactivity
to their widgets too. I can learn something new
with flashcards from Quizlet, and track it with Streaks right away. We think these interactions with widgets are gonna make the Home Screen
so much more powerful. Next, we want to bring
a greater level of customization and personalization to another space:
the Lock Screen. Our users love personalizing
the iPhone Lock Screen. So we're bringing that experience to iPad. Just tap and hold to get started. There are so many wonderful
wallpaper options, like Photo Shuffle, Weather, and Emoji. And new ones like Kaleidoscope, with those vibrant jewels and flowers. Now, I've already got
a few wallpapers set up that I'm excited to show you. Enjoying my photos on the iPad Lock Screen
is just delightful. And when you select a Live Photo, we use an advanced machine learning model to synthesize additional frames to create a gorgeous, smooth,
slow-motion effect whenever you wake iPad. Also, we've optimized wallpapers
like Astronomy for the large display on iPad. Of course, I can personalize it, and now choose from any of the planets
in the solar system, each with incredible detail. And Earth just looks stunning
at this scale. I can tap the time, to adjust the font, and the color, and even change the font weight to get it just right. Here on the left,
there's also a space to add widgets. The Lock Screen is a great place
to see information at a glance and even perform quick actions. All right, this looks perfect. And that's how you can customize
your Lock Screen with iPadOS 17. It's really cool. The Lock Screen gets one other feature
that makes it even more useful: Live Activities. So now, right from the Lock Screen, you can keep track of a food order
with UberEats, travel plans with Flighty, the score with Major League Soccer, or a timer. And we're happy to report
that now you can even keep track of multiple timers. We truly live in an age of wonders. The new Lock Screen experience on iPad, combined with interactive widgets
on the Home Screen, is a big step forward for how
you can personalize and use iPad. Next, let's talk about an app that we're excited to bring to iPadOS
for the first time: Health. The Health app has been designed to take advantage
of the larger screen on iPad so you can see rich details at a glance. And because your health data
is securely synced, you can see your health information from your iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, as well as compatible third-party apps
and devices, all in one place. It's easy to see your activity, keep track of your medications, and view your trends and highlights. Interactive charts make
your health data come to life, letting you dive deeply into the details. And for developers,
HealthKit comes to iPad, opening up new ways to build innovative health and fitness experiences. Like Rise, who has built
these compelling visualizations as part of their new iPad app. Next, let's take a look
at improvements we're making to the way you work with another important
type of document: PDFs. To tell you all about it, here's Jenny. Jenny Chen:
iPad is the best device for PDFs. They are built right into iPadOS, so you can open them anywhere, and they render beautifully. We use PDFs for so many things, and we wanted to make them
even easier to work with. Thanks to new machine learning models, iPadOS can identify the fields in a PDF so you can use AutoFill
to quickly fill them out with information like names, addresses, and emails from your contacts. This even works on documents
you scan with the camera. And if you need to sign it,
you can add a saved signature or make a new one with Apple Pencil. When you're ready,
you can easily reply back with your completed form in Mail. Now, another place where we keep PDFs
is in the Notes app. It's great for capturing
almost any information. And it's getting a big upgrade
that gives you brand-new ways to organize, read, annotate,
and collaborate on PDFs. PDFs sit right inside your notes. You have all of the note-taking
capabilities of the app, and the PDF is expanded
to a full-width view. You can quickly review the document,
flip through pages, and annotate using Apple Pencil. You can keep multiple PDFs
in the same note, which is great for keeping
related files together as you work. PDFs in Notes are also fantastic
for collaboration. When you're working together, you see each other's updates in real time. So as you scribble something down, the changes you make appear right away
on your collaborator's iPad. Live collaboration even works
with stickers and images. And when you drop an image into a PDF, you can still annotate right on top of it. If you need to finish later, you can use live collaboration
from anywhere. It's even great
combined with a FaceTime call. With PDFs in Notes, note-taking and mark-up
are going to be a breeze. And now, back to Craig. Craig: So that's a look at iPadOS 17. But of course, there's even more, like improvements to Stage Manager, where we're adding even more flexibility
to the position and size of your windows, giving you more control
over your workspace. And you can now take advantage
of the built-in camera on your external display
for FaceTime and conference calls. And Freeform, which gets new drawing tools
like watercolor, fountain pen, and shape recognition. Along with a new feature
called Follow Along, that lets you follow a collaborator
and track as they move around the canvas. These join other great features
like the redesigned Lock Screen and interactive widgets, along with the Health app,
and great new ways to work with PDFs, as well as other features
you heard about in iOS, like leaving a video message in FaceTime, in-line typing predictions,
and updates to Messages. Now, let's turn our attention to macOS. ♪ ♪ macOS is the heart of the Mac. And with Apple silicon, the Mac lineup has never been stronger. Combined with macOS, it enables you
to be more productive and creative. For our next release, we focused
on helping you get even more done. Now, when it came to naming this release, we turned once again to Apple's legendary
crack Product Marketing team. The instructions were simple and explicit: travel far and wide,
leave no stone unturned. Well, as far as we can reconstruct, that search consisted
of piling into their micro bus, punching the words
"awesome vineyard" into Maps, and beelining straight
to one of the most famous wine regions in the world, a place celebrated by the team
perhaps a bit too much, and beloved by millions. Introducing macOS Sonoma, a big new release
that will make your Mac more delightful and even more productive. First, many of the features
we talked about earlier on iOS and iPadOS
are going to be great on the Mac. And macOS Sonoma brings
a rich set of features that elevate the experience of macOS, starting with stunning new screensavers that show beautiful slow-motion videos of places around the world, like the sweeping skyline of Hong Kong, the sandstone buttes of Monument Valley, and the rolling hills of Sonoma. And when you log in, this imagery settles beautifully
into your desktop. Next, let's talk about making your Mac
more personal through widgets. Not only are they becoming more powerful, they're also now available somewhere new. Let's take a look. Before, widgets on Mac were available here
in Notification Center. But sometimes you want
to see information at a glance while you're using your Mac. Now you can,
by simply bringing your widgets right into view here on the Desktop. I love to catch a glimpse
of my favorite photos throughout the day–
and weather too. And I can put these anywhere. So let's add Shortcuts here
to the bottom left. To make sure widgets aren't distracting
while you're working with apps, we also came up with a way to make them glanceable
without feeling intrusive. If I open up Mail, my widgets instantly fade
into the background so I can focus on the task at hand. If I switch my wallpaper, you'll see the widgets
are intelligently tinted based on the color behind them, so they maintain legibility
and the look of my Desktop. Even the Photos widget adapts. It's really gorgeous. To add more widgets,
I can bring up the Widget Gallery, where I have all the widgets
I know and love on my Mac. But I also have some amazing widgets
on my iPhone, and through the magic of Continuity, I can now access them all
right here on my Mac. So I can see my Apollo for Reddit,
HiCoffee, and even my car widget. I don't need to install these apps
on my Mac to use the widgets. My iPhone just needs to be nearby
or on the same Wi-Fi network. And just like on iPad and iPhone, widgets on the Mac are now interactive. So you can use your car widget
from your iPhone to start cooling off your car. And interactivity can unlock
new workflows too. For example, photographers can select
photos on their Desktop, and with the Shortcuts widget,
they can tap into Pixelmator Pro to apply a signature look and get them
ready to submit for a campaign, all with a single click. And that's widgets on Mac, an entirely new way
to personalize your Desktop and get things done throughout your day. Next, let's talk about gaming, a space where so much action is happening. To tell you more, here's Jeremy. Jeremy Sandmel: Apple silicon
fundamentally changed the game, delivering incredible graphics
performance to every Mac. And now, tens of millions of Macs
can run demanding games with great performance, long battery life, and breathtaking visuals, presenting an unprecedented opportunity for developers to bring their games
to more players than ever before. And since introducing Metal 3 with powerful new features
like MetalFX Upscaling, demanding games
like "Resident Evil: Village" have seen huge performance gains. This year, macOS takes
the gaming experience even further with Game Mode, giving players an edge
when performance is measured in precious milliseconds, ensuring the game gets
the highest priority on the CPU and GPU, keeping your background tasks
to a lower usage, and delivering an optimized
gaming experience with even smoother
and more consistent frame rates. And Game Mode makes gaming on Mac
even more immersive, dramatically lowering audio latency
with AirPods, and significantly reducing input latency with Xbox and PlayStation controllers
by doubling the Bluetooth sampling rate, providing in-game responsiveness
you can really feel. Game Mode works with any game, including all of these recent
and upcoming Mac games. We are so excited to see developers
bringing more games to the Mac. And to help with that, Metal provides
a new Game Porting Toolkit to make it even easier for developers
to port their games from other platforms. These new tools enable developers
to quickly evaluate just how well their game could run on Mac. A process that used to take months
can now be done in days. And they dramatically simplify the process of converting the game's shaders
and graphics code to take full advantage
of the powerful features and performance of Apple silicon, significantly reducing
the total development time. And there's another big game
coming to Mac this year. To tell you all about it,
here's legendary game creator Kojima-san from Kojima Productions. ♪ ♪ Hideo Kojima:
[speaking Japanese] Craig: Thanks, Kojima-san. Now let's shift to the ways macOS
will help you be more productive, starting with video conferencing. We spend a lot of time on video calls, but when you share your screen, your face and presence can get lost. This year, we have great new ways
to help you present remotely. A new video effect
called Presenter Overlay elevates your presence by including you on top of the content you're sharing. With small overlay,
your face appears in a movable bubble. so it's easy to be seen
while showcasing your work. With large overlay,
you remain prominent, while your shared screen
is framed beautifully next to you. We separate you from the background and layer your screen in between. So you can walk, talk,
and move in front of your content. Thanks to the Neural Engine
in Apple silicon, you get amazing quality. We also have a new reactions video effect. When you want to let others know
how you feel, you can add a reaction
that seamlessly blends your video with balloons, confetti, hearts, and more. They're fun and have a cinematic quality
with depth and focus. And you can trigger these effects
with a gesture. When you're really impressed,
two thumbs up brings on a celebratory display of fireworks. You can use these new video effects
with any app, like FaceTime, Zoom,
Teams, Webex, and more. Next, let's talk about Safari,
and how we're taking it to the next level. To tell you more, here's Beth. Beth Dakin: Safari is the best way
to browse the web. With macOS Sonoma,
Safari is the world's fastest browser. It renders cutting-edge websites
with amazing speed. Safari is powered by WebKit, which provides incredible technology
that is used by over a million apps. We're constantly updating WebKit. In just the past few months, we've added even more features
for developers, and we're adding even more, including beautiful advancements
to typography. Another cornerstone of the Safari
experience is Privacy. Safari was built from the ground up
to protect your privacy and was the first browser
to introduce Private Browsing. This year, we're taking it a step further. Private Browsing now locks
your private browsing windows when you're not using them, completely blocks known trackers
from loading on pages, and removes tracking from URLs
as you browse in Private Browsing. Of course, one of the best ways
to protect yourself on the web is with a strong password, or even better, a passkey. We're now adding the ability
to securely share passwords and passkeys with the people
you're closest with. Everyone in a group
can add and edit passwords to keep them up to date. And since sharing is through
iCloud Keychain, it's end-to-end encrypted. We have another exciting update
to help you stay organized with Profiles. Many of us use Safari for a mix
of work and personal browsing, and would love a way to separate browsing
between topics. Profiles help you separate your cookies, history, extensions,
Tab Groups, and favorites. So you can sign into the same site
with your work account and personal account
and quickly switch between them. And if you're a student,
set up a unique collection of extensions and favorites
just for school. Last, we're giving you a faster way
to access your favorite sites with web apps on Mac. Let's check them out. With web apps, we're elevating
the websites you use most often with some of the same great features
as apps. I use Confluence all the time. I'll make it a web app so it doesn't
get lost in my other browsing. From the File menu,
I can click Add to Dock, and the title and icon load automatically. When I click Add,
the icon instantly appears in the dock. Now I can close this window in Safari. When I launch my web app, I get an app-like experience
with a simplified toolbar. On Mac, you can create a web app
for any website, and developers don't have to do
any extra work for their web app to look great. Web apps are integrated right into
my experience on Mac. So I can Command-Tab
to access my Pinterest web app. It also works great with Stage Manager,
Mission Control, Spotlight, and other ways you access apps. You can get notifications too. So Instacart can let me know
my order's been delivered. And with a click,
I'm into my Instacart web app. Web apps make it even easier
to get to your favorite websites on Mac. Back to you, Craig. Craig: With Profiles, web apps,
and a huge update to Private Browsing, Safari is simply the best way
to browse the web. And that's macOS Sonoma, featuring more ways
to personalize with widgets and stunning new screensavers, new levels of gaming performance, and powerful productivity
for video conferencing and Safari. Now let's take a look
at Audio and Home experiences. Whether you're rocking out
to your favorite '80s metal band or watching the latest show
to relax after work, we continue to focus on features
that entertain, inspire, and bring us closer together. So let's start off
with what's new for AirPods. ♪ ♪ Here's Ron to tell you more. ♪ ♪ Ron Huang: AirPods are the most
popular headphones in the world, providing the best personal audio
experience throughout your day. From Active Noise Cancellation, which removes unwanted background noise
so it's easier to focus, to Transparency mode, which keeps you
connected to the world around you while reducing loud environmental noise
in real time. Our users love these features today, and there is even more we can do. That's why we are excited to announce
Adaptive Audio. It combines the best of both
listening modes into one, making it even easier
to move through environments and interactions
that are constantly changing. Adaptive Audio dynamically blends
Transparency and Active Noise Cancellation to match the conditions
of your surroundings. ♪ ♪ [bell dings] So you can stay present
within your environment while distracting noises
are automatically reduced. [leaf blower whirring] [leaf blower muted] Adaptive Audio also helps your focus on your favorite music or podcast. And now with Personalized Volume, we use machine learning to understand
your listening preferences over time, together with the outside conditions, to deliver the best media experience
for you in the moment. We're also adding an incredible new way
to engage with others around you while wearing AirPods Pro. Just start speaking,
and Conversation Awareness will automatically lower your music, focus on the voices in front of you, and reduce background noise. - Hey, Corey. - Hey. How you doing?
- Good. - Are you gonna be at
the C141278 meeting later? - Definitely. I'll be there.
- Awesome. I've got something I'd love to run by you. - Look forward to it.
- See you there! - See you!
- [laughs] Ron: Another AirPods benefit
is being able to take calls on the go. - Hey, there.
- Hey. How's it going? Ron: Adaptive Audio helps when you're
on a call in loud environments as well, by proactively reducing the noise
around you. [marching band music] [muted music continues] Ron: And for added convenience,
you can press to quickly mute or unmute yourself as needed. We're also improving the AirPods automatic
switching experience across the ecosystem. Now it is significantly faster to
transition from a conference call on Mac to your favorite playlist on iPhone,
all without missing a beat. And for the moments when you want to share
your content with those around you, there's AirPlay. I'll hand it over to Anne
to tell you about what's coming. ♪ ♪ Anne Park Shedlosky: AirPlay is
the easiest way to share your audio, videos, and photos
to nearby speakers and screens. And we're making AirPlay more seamless
than ever. Your iPhone and iPad now use
on-device intelligence to learn your AirPlay preferences. So if you usually listen to music
while you cook dinner, the nearby HomePod in the kitchen
will automatically show up. And not only can you start to play music
using AirPlay from your iPhone, you can now also ask Siri on your HomePod
to start an AirPlay session, letting you play even more of your
favorite content using just your voice. Just say, "Siri,
play Arlo Parks on SoundCloud." With so much media at your fingertips
on your iPhone and iPad, you can enjoy your content from anywhere,
even when traveling. That's why we're excited about launching
AirPlay in hotels. With AirPlay support in hotels, it's easy
to take advantage of the big screen in your room to watch an episode
of your favorite show, or practice tomorrow's presentation. Pairing is simple. Just scan the QR code
and tap the confirmation. That's it. You're automatically connected to Wi-Fi and ready to resume watching
from right where you left off. AirPlay will be available in select hotels
before the end of the year, with more to follow. And to make your next trip
even more enjoyable, we have some exciting updates
coming to Apple Music and CarPlay. Today, adding a song to a road trip
might mean sharing a phone, passing a cable, or sending a link. We want to make it easier for others
in the car to control the music and add to what's playing–
even passengers in the back seat. That's why we're thrilled to
bring SharePlay to the car. Now, when the driver's iPhone
is connected to CarPlay, any passenger's iPhone will automatically
suggest joining their session. Just tap to connect. From there,
it's easy to play your favorite music, control playback,
and enjoy the ride together. Next, let's turn to tvOS and Apple TV, which work incredibly well
with all your Apple devices to deliver the best of television,
along with all of your entertainment. In tvOS 17, we've completely redesigned
Control Center, making it more intuitive to do things
like access AirPods settings, home cameras, system controls, and user profiles– all with a touch of the Siri Remote. And for the times
when you can't find your Siri Remote, you can now use your iPhone to locate it,
and get back to watching TV. Sometimes what you really want to watch
isn't a show at all. It could be your favorite family photos
that fill the room with joy. Now to enjoy
these special moments even more, you can select Memories
as your screensaver and see your photos perfectly framed
with fluid animations and transitions. Our home is also where
we connect with loved ones. And, for times when we're not
in the same place, we're excited to introduce a new feature
that will transform your living room. FaceTime is coming to Apple TV. Now everyone can gather on the couch and catch up with friends and family
on the big screen. The new FaceTime app on Apple TV
takes advantage of Continuity Camera to unlock incredible shared experiences
at home. So when you launch FaceTime on Apple TV, it wirelessly connects to your iPhone
or iPad and lets you use their camera
and microphone to join a call. Let's check it out. You can place a call on your iPhone
or from Apple TV. Or you can pick up a call from a friend
on your iPhone and easily move it to Apple TV. Apple TV takes full advantage
of the cameras on your iPhone and iPad for effects like Center Stage. As you move around
or when someone enters the room, you'll always stay perfectly framed. At any time,
you can interact using gestures that'll show up on everyone's screen. And because it's Apple TV, you have access
to all of your favorite shows and movies. With SharePlay, you can easily watch
together and everyone stays in sync. So that's FaceTime on Apple TV. And for developers,
we're adding Continuity Camera APIs to make the biggest screen in your home
more connected and entertaining. So apps like Zoom and Webex
will be coming to tvOS for the very first time
by the end of this year. These are some of the features
coming to Audio and Home. AirPods take personal audio
to the next level with Adaptive Audio. AirPlay is coming to hotels, so you can enjoy your content
on the big screen when traveling. Apple Music lets everyone control music
in the car with SharePlay. And FaceTime comes to Apple TV, bringing everyone closer together
through incredible new experiences. Next, here's Kevin to tell you
about the updates coming to watchOS. ♪ ♪ Kevin Lynch: WatchOS is the world's most
advanced wearable operating system, and it's redefined how people all over
the world think of what a watch can do. We've continued this transformation through new features designed
to help keep you connected, active, healthy, and safe. As Apple Watch has evolved over the years, it's become even more intuitive,
and more powerful, providing easier access
to vital information. And today, we're excited
to take this further with watchOS 10. We're celebrating this huge milestone with a new way to view information quickly
from any watch face and comprehensive app redesigns
across watchOS. ♪ ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And it's time ♪ ♪ To get down ♪ ♪ Down ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ To business ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ Rhythm is our business ♪ ♪ ♪ This is such an energizing new approach
for Apple Watch. Let's take a closer look. We're introducing a way for you
to enjoy a beautiful watch face, like Portraits,
while still giving you quick access to information you care about. Now from any watch face,
you can simply turn the Digital Crown to reveal widgets in a Smart Stack. I can start off my day with a glance
at the forecast and headlines. And the Smart Stack uses machine learning to show you relevant information
right when you need it. So later in the day,
you'll see some upcoming meetings, tasks you need to complete,
or medications to log. It's so convenient to check
what you have to take care of next. And you can long press to add a widget
to the Smart Stack, like Sleep Data. And there's even a widget that can hold
your favorite complications, like Timers. Let's start a timer. Now, when I'm back at my watch face, I can simply scroll up,
and the timer shows up right here, so you can easily see
how much time is left or pause it with a tap. This also works great
for other active sessions like Stopwatch, Workouts,
or listening to Podcasts. This is a fast new way to view
information from any watch face. We've also redesigned apps
across watchOS 10. Let's take a look at a couple of examples, starting with World Clock, which now features
dynamic background colors that reflect the time of day. And I can easily see
when it might be a good time to call a friend in a different time zone. Let's also check out the Activity app. The app redesign includes
corner icons that I can tap to get to my weekly summary,
sharing, or awards. And we've even redesigned the trophy case so you can see awards in progress
and Challenges you've completed. And when you rotate the Digital Crown,
it shows new, full-screen views for Move, Exercise, and Stand. Developers can also use this new
design language to update apps. Streaks now utilizes the entire display so you can easily see your progress
and access your tasks. NBA makes keeping up
with your favorite team even more compelling with team colors
and new game details. And with Waterllama's redesign, you can see your hydration details
from the last seven days with just a turn of the Digital Crown. We're also introducing
two new watch faces. Palette is a beautiful new face where time is depicted
in a wide variety of gorgeous colors using three distinct overlapping layers. As the time changes,
the colors on the display shift as well. And to celebrate watchOS 10,
we're bringing... Snoopy and Woodstock to Apple Watch. These beloved comic strip characters
come to life in many different animations. They can be playful
with the Watch hands... ...react to the weather conditions
in your area... ...or even get active with you. It's terrific to have Snoopy
on Apple Watch. We're so excited for you to experience
your Apple Watch in a whole new way, with redesigned apps
that provide more information at a glance, and new ways to navigate
and quickly access your content, all powered by the intelligence
of watchOS 10. And if that wasn't enough, we have more features to keep you active, starting with Cycling. It's a competitive sport for some and a great way to exercise for others. Here's Eric to tell you
about some new features that will make Apple Watch
an even more essential companion for cyclists. ♪ ♪ Eric Charles: Apple Watch has a lot
of great cycling features already, like notifying you to start a workout
if you forgot and the safety potential
of Fall Detection. For many riders, accessories
like speed and cadence sensors, as well as power meters,
provide important training data. In watchOS 10, Apple Watch can now connect to Bluetooth-enabled bike sensors. So you can add cadence and power
to your standard metrics and even try out
a new Cycling Power workout view. Using power, heart rate, and motion data, Apple Watch will estimate
your Functional Threshold Power, known as FTP, which is the highest level
of cycling intensity that you could theoretically maintain
for an hour. And by taking a percentage of your FTP, we can provide Power Zones, where you can easily see
which zone you're in and track how long you spend in each. It's an effective and reliable way of improving your performance on a bike. We knew that we could do even more
for our entire cycling community, so we built a new feature that requires no additional equipment, except your paired iPhone. In watchOS 10,
cycling workouts from your Apple Watch now automatically show up
as a live activity on your iPhone. Tapping the live activity
will take over the entire display. This is perfect
for views like Heart Rate zones, Elevation, Power Zones, as well as a new view for current
and max speed, distance, and more. You're going to love
these new workout metrics, views, and experiences on your next ride. Next, let's talk about Hiking
and how we're updating Compass and Maps for your outdoor adventures. In watchOS 10,
Compass will automatically generate two new waypoints for you. A new Cellular Connection Waypoint will indicate the last place
you had reception with your carrier if you ever need to check your messages or make a call to your family. And in the case of an emergency, another new waypoint will indicate
where on your route you can make an emergency call using any available carrier's network. We're also introducing
a new Elevation view. Using Altimeter data, you can see a three-dimensional view
of your saved waypoints. In addition to these new Compass features,
we're also updating Maps. Starting in the U.S., we're introducing a
new Topographic map with contour lines, hill shading, and elevation details, along with points of interest
and trailheads. You can use search
to discover nearby trails and trailhead categories. And before you head out, you can review additional information, such as trail name, difficulty level, length, elevation gain, and more. watchOS 10 also introduces
new APIs for developers to create compelling workout experiences. The powerful motion sensors
on Apple Watch Series 8 and Ultra can detect rapid changes
in direction and acceleration, like when swinging a golf club
or a tennis racket. Developers will have access
to this high frequency motion data. For example, Golfshot can detect
small wrist movements to refine your golf swing. Or to help your tennis serve, SwingVision can analyze your pronation, which is the twisting motion
of your forearm, wrist, and hand. And apps like Training Peaks will be able to use a new API
to create a workout program that you can access directly from
the Workout app on Apple Watch. These new developer features
join the other great experiences in watchOS 10 to keep you active. Our users also love using Apple Watch
to help them stay healthy. To tell you what's coming for your health,
here's Sumbul. ♪ ♪ ♪ You're the healer ♪ ♪ Keep me busy ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah, can't let you go ♪ Sumbul Ahmad Desai:
Apple Watch and iPhone offer many important health features, like medications, sleep, and mobility. With watchOS 10 and iOS 17, we're moving into two new areas
that as always, are grounded in science
with privacy at the core. First, let's talk about mental health. We believe mental health is as important
as your physical health, and even contributes to it. This is something that impacts
each and every one of us. So this year, we want to shine a light
on mental health and empower you to care for your mind just as you do for your body. Reflecting on your state of mind
can help you build emotional awareness and resilience. Experts say, "Identifying our feelings
has been shown "to help us manage difficult emotions, appreciate positive moments,
and improve wellbeing." So you'll now be able to log
your momentary emotion and your daily mood in a discreet
and convenient way from the Mindfulness app in watchOS 10. You can use the digital crown to scroll through the engaging
multidimensional shapes and choose how you're feeling. For added benefit to your wellbeing, you can also identify
what's making you feel that way. Maybe it's your family or travel, and you can describe your feelings
further, like grateful or excited. Even if you don't have an Apple Watch, you can use the Health app
on iPhone and iPad to log your state of mind. You can see insights,
like what's been contributing most to your state of mind, and how your lifestyle
might be playing a role, such as exercise,
mindful minutes, and sleep. There may be times
when it would be helpful to more deeply understand
your state of mind and if you'd benefit
from some additional support. So you'll now be able to take
standardized assessments often used in clinics to answer questions
about how you're feeling right in the Health app, and then see your current risk
for depression or anxiety, two very common and treatable conditions. This will help you understand
if you should talk to someone. You'll have a report of your results
to share with a care provider, and you can access helpful articles
and resources. We know it's important
to prioritize mental health– to build emotional awareness
and resilience by reflecting on your state of mind– and have screening tools
and resources to support you on your overall health journey. The other important area of focus
for us this year is vision health, and specifically the reduction of myopia, which is nearsightedness that's caused
by physical changes in the eye. It's the leading cause
of vision impairment globally. It's currently estimated to affect
over 30% of the population. And that's expected to grow to 50%
by 2050, impacting five billion people. Myopia typically starts in childhood, and there are a few behaviors that can
lower a child's risk of developing it. One is to spend more time
outdoors in daylight. Experts recommend at least
80 to 120 minutes a day, but it's hard to know
if your child has done that. Now Apple Watch can measure the amount of time spent in daylight using the ambient light sensor, and it can be viewed in the Health app. With Family Setup,
time in daylight can be measured from a child's Apple Watch even if they don't have their own iPhone. And with Health Sharing,
parents will be able to keep track of it. Another behavior that can lower
myopia risk in kids is to increase the distance at which they view something,
like a device or a book. To help with this, we're introducing
a new feature called Screen Distance. It uses the same TrueDepth camera that powers Face ID on iPad and iPhone to measure if a child is holding
their device too close for an extended period of time, and then encourages them
to move their device farther away. Screen Distance can also help adults
reduce digital eye strain. We are thrilled to provide new ways to track and manage vision health. Back to you, Kevin. Kevin: Adding support
for these two areas can give you even more insight
into your health. And as always,
privacy is core to our work. Your information in the Health app, including mental health
and vision health data, is encrypted on-device and only accessible with your passcode,
Touch ID, or Face ID, and it's never shared
without your explicit permission. watchOS 10 is a major milestone, giving Apple Watch an enormous update with a fresh, new design
to quickly view information, delightful new watch faces, new features for cyclists and hikers, and important tools for health. Back to you, Craig. ♪ ♪ Craig: So those are our updates
to iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and the software
that powers Audio and Home. With each, we continue our commitment to delivering unique capabilities tailor-made for each device while simultaneously designing
for a consistent experience, with features and capabilities
that work across them. This is a big year for developers, with new APIs across all platforms that will enable you to build even more
innovations into your apps. And we have an exciting week ahead starting with
the Platforms State of the Union, along with 175 sessions, opportunities to engage
with Apple engineers through one-on-one labs, as well as other activities to interact
with our global developer community. Our OS releases will be available
as developer betas today, and each of them will have a public beta
next month. All of these OS releases will be
available to our users this fall. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: Thanks, Craig. Today we introduced some amazing new Macs and showed you where we're taking
the incredible software platforms that drive our products. It's already been a big day. But we do have one more thing. This is a day
that's been years in the making– one that I've really
been looking forward to. I believe that augmented reality
is a profound technology. Blending digital content
with the real world can unlock experiences
like nothing we've ever seen. So today I'm excited to announce an entirely new AR platform with a revolutionary new product. And here it is. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Introducing Apple Vision Pro. Vision Pro is a new kind of computer that augments reality
by seamlessly blending the real world with the digital world. It's the first Apple product
you look through and not at. Vision Pro feels familiar,
yet it's entirely new. You can see, hear,
and interact with digital content just like it's in your physical space. And you control Vision Pro using
the most natural and intuitive tools: your eyes, hands, and voice. With Vision Pro,
you're no longer limited by a display. Your surroundings
become an infinite canvas. Use your apps anywhere
and make them any size you want. Capture photos and videos,
and relive your most important memories in an entirely new way. Watch your movies, shows, and sports, and immerse yourself in games
on a giant screen surrounded by Spatial Audio. And connect with people
as if you're sharing the same space. These are just some of the ways
that Vision Pro blends digital content into the space around us. So in the same way that Mac introduced us
to personal computing and iPhone introduced us
to mobile computing, Apple Vision Pro will introduce us
to spatial computing. This marks the beginning of a journey that will bring a new dimension
to powerful, personal technology. To tell you about the experience
of using Vision Pro, here's Alan. ♪ ♪ Alan Dye: Apple Vision Pro allows us
the freedom to imagine an experience unlike anything we've created before. For the first time, we've designed
a fully three-dimensional interface– one magically controlled
with just your eyes, hands, and voice. When you first put on Vision Pro, you see your space and everything in it. The Home View lives right in front of you. It's where you find all of your apps. It's familiar, yet revolutionary. The entire interface looks and feels
truly present in your room. Every element has been crafted
to have a sense of physicality. They have dimension,
respond dynamically to light, and even cast shadows
to help you understand scale and distance. Experiences in Vision Pro aren't constrained to the boundaries
of a display– they can freely fill the space around you. It's easy to make apps any scale,
even larger than life. And you can place apps exactly where
you want them, anywhere in your space. It feels natural,
like moving real objects. And launching new apps
doesn't take space from existing ones. They simply occupy a new space,
centered around you. There's something truly extraordinary
about seeing your favorite apps and experiences
right there in the room with you. And apps can expand fully into your space,
like during a Mindfulness session, where you can create
a private moment of calm. And with Vision Pro, apps and experiences
can do something else remarkable. They can grow beyond the dimensions
of your physical room with Environments. Environments extend
and transform your space, enabling otherwise impossible experiences. And they've been captured
fully volumetrically. So you can control how immersed you are
by simply turning the Digital Crown. Whether extending
a small portion of your room or being fully immersed
within an Environment, you can use
these beautiful landscapes to focus, reduce clutter in busy spaces, or as an inspiring new view. Every major Apple platform was driven
by an innovative new input model. Mac with the mouse. iPod with the Click Wheel. And iPhone with Multi-Touch. With Vision Pro, we set the ambitious goal to design an incredibly intuitive
input model for spatial computing– one that can be used without controllers
or additional hardware. Apple Vision Pro relies solely
on your eyes, hands, and voice. It's just you and your content. It's remarkable, and it feels like magic. You browse the system simply by looking. It's effortless. App icons subtly come to life
when you look at them. In fact, every graphical element
has a sense of vitality and responds to your eyes. Simply tap your fingers together to select
and gently flick to scroll. The combination of hands and eyes together
truly feels like magic– as if your mind is guiding the experience. And we designed every gesture
to be as subtle and natural as possible, so you can keep your hands
where they're most comfortable, like resting in your lap, or on the sofa. And the entire experience
is made better with voice. With Vision Pro,
you can look at a search field and just start dictating. Voice input has never been this seamless. And with Siri,
you can quickly open or close apps, play media, and more. Another foundational design goal
for Vision Pro was that you're never isolated
from the people around you. You can see them, and they can see you. Your eyes are a critical indicator
of connection and emotion, so Vision Pro displays your eyes
when someone is nearby. It's incredible. This breakthrough innovation
is called EyeSight. Not only does Eyesight reveal your eyes, it provides important cues to others
about what you're focused on. This is how it looks when using apps. And this changes when
you're fully immersed in an experience, sending a clear signal to those around you
that you can't see them at the moment. But even if you are fully immersed, Apple Vision Pro helps you stay connected
to those around you. When someone is nearby,
they will appear in your view. - Hey. Alan: And Vision Pro will simultaneously
reveal your eyes to them. The spatial experiences of Vision Pro seamlessly blend
the digital and physical worlds, transforming what's possible. Whether at home or at work,
it unlocks magical new experiences. To show you what it's like
to use Apple Vision Pro, here's Allessandra. ♪ ♪ Allessandra McGinnis: Let's see
Apple Vision Pro in action for work. Vision Pro has the apps you love
and count on every day. But now, these apps are freed
from the confines of a display and live in your space, transforming how you use Notes, Messages, Keynote, Safari, FaceTime, and more. And of course, Vision Pro is always
in sync with your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. All your notes, messages,
photos, and documents stay up to date automatically with iCloud. This is what you see with Vision Pro. Your entire world is a canvas for apps, so you can arrange them anywhere– at the perfect size
for whatever you're doing. Let's look first at Safari. Browsing the web is fantastic– web pages are large, making it amazing to watch videos
or read articles. As you scroll down the page, small text is crisp
and easy to read at any angle. And Safari expands
so you can see all your open tabs. You can arrange multiple apps
around you in space however you want. Layer them on top of each other,
or place them above, below, or to the sides of other apps. Like here, where you simply turn your head to change focus from Safari
to work on your Freeform board. And the content within your apps
isn't limited to two dimensions. You can receive a 3D object in Messages, pull it out,
and look at it from every angle, just as if it was there in front of you. It's magical! Because you can see the world clearly
while wearing Vision Pro, you remain present in your space
and connected to others. And it's easy to interact
with the world around you. So with Apple Vision Pro, you can create your perfect setup for whatever you're doing,
and multitask with ease. You can review your to-do list in Notes, research your next trip in Safari, and discuss plans with friends
in Messages, all while listening
to your favorite playlist in Apple Music. Use the virtual keyboard
or Dictation to type. With Vision Pro,
you have the room to do it all. Vision Pro also works seamlessly
with familiar Bluetooth accessories, like Magic Trackpad and Magic Keyboard, which are great
when you're writing a long email or working on a spreadsheet in Numbers. And you can even bring your Mac wirelessly
into Apple Vision Pro– just by looking at it. Place your Mac screen wherever you want
and expand it– giving you an enormous, private,
and portable 4K display. Vision Pro is engineered
to let you use your Mac seamlessly within your ideal workspace. So you can dial in
the White Sands Environment, and use other apps in Vision Pro side by side with your Mac. This powerful combination of capabilities makes Apple Vision Pro
perfect for the office, or for when you're working remote. ♪ ♪ Because Vision Pro is great
when you're traveling. It makes it easy to stay connected
and collaborate with colleagues. For example, you can collaborate remotely
with your team on the same document. And, of course, Apple Vision Pro
has an amazing FaceTime experience. FaceTime now becomes spatial, taking advantage of the room around you. You can join a group call
and see everyone life-size. As new people join,
FaceTime simply expands. With Spatial Audio
built right into Vision Pro, you hear each person's voice
coming from the location of their tile, making group conversations
easier and more natural. And within FaceTime,
you can share apps with others, and use them together with SharePlay. And you continue to see everyone
in large video tiles while sharing an app. This is powerful for so many activities, like reviewing a presentation, sharing photos and videos,
or watching a movie together. FaceTime on Vision Pro works seamlessly
with other Apple devices like iPhone, iPad, and Mac, so everyone can join in. For work, Apple Vision Pro gives you
powerful ways to connect with others and the freedom
to create the ultimate workspace for whatever you want to do,
wherever you are. To tell you about how Vision Pro
transforms experiences at home, here's En. ♪ ♪ En Kelly: Apple Vision Pro brings
the power of spatial computing to so many of the things you do at home. It redefines how you can relive
precious moments in time because you can capture and experience
photos and videos in magical new ways. Select a photo,
and watch as the room dims around you. Your library of photos and videos
looks incredible on Vision Pro with brilliant color
and spectacular detail. Make it as big as your room, or zoom in, letting you feel even closer
to that moment. And panoramas are stunning. In Vision Pro, every panorama
you've ever taken on your iPhone now expands
and wraps around you life-size. You feel like you're standing
right where you took them. Because of the powerful capabilities
of Vision Pro, we were able to go even further, adding a new dimension
to photos and videos. Vision Pro is Apple's first 3D camera. It lets you capture and relive
your memories in 3D with Spatial Audio. It's magical, and impossible to fully
appreciate on a two-dimensional screen. It lets you feel like you're
right back in a moment in time. Imagine being able to relive a special
moment from your daughter's birthday. The incredible depth of this spatial video
makes it feel like you can peer into that memory. It's easy to capture
a spatial photo or video with just the press of a button. And EyeSight makes it clear to those
around you when you are capturing one. You can capture a spatial video
of a fun moment with your kids to share it with your family, or to experience all over again
for years to come. Spatial photos and videos
bring you closer than ever to the moments and people you care about. ♪ ♪ Apple Vision Pro also delivers
an extraordinary entertainment experience. We love watching a great movie
in a dark theater with incredible sound. Vision Pro lets you have this,
and so much more, with a spatial cinema
that transforms any space, like this apartment. You have a gorgeous screen
you can adjust to the perfect size. Vision Pro automatically dims
the surrounding light, casts a beautiful glow into your space, and surrounds you with Spatial Audio. ♪ ♪ And for a super cinematic experience, open an Environment like Mount Hood to scale your screen
beyond the dimensions of your room, so it feels 100 feet wide– giving you the most majestic
viewing experience ever. And with the Cinema Environment, turn any room
into your own personal movie theater. This environment
lets you focus fully on the movie, and is built to give you
a fantastic viewing experience that you can take anywhere,
like on an airplane. Use your AirPods, sit back,
and dial in an Environment, and you can enjoy a movie while the seats
and sounds around you disappear. It's amazing. And of course, your favorite movies
and TV shows from Apple TV+ and other content services
will be available on Vision Pro. This amazing cinematic experience
goes beyond two dimensions. You can watch 3D movies as well. In Vision Pro, 3D Movies have
incredible depth and crisp motion. Although impossible to see on a 2D screen, it feels as if you are looking
right into the movie itself. There is no other device in the world
that can deliver this quality of 3D Movie experience. And beyond video, you can experience interactive
storytelling in amazing new ways. Like with Encounter: Dinosaurs, where you can look back
into a prehistoric time seeing dinosaurs interact
right in front of you, in 3D with Spatial Audio. In addition to watching movies, you can play
your favorite Apple Arcade games, like NBA 2K23,
on a screen as large as you want with incredible audio
and game controller support. There will be over 100 Arcade titles
available for you to play on day one. This is just the start
of how gaming will evolve on Vision Pro. Whether watching a season finale, 3D Movie, or Immersive Video, Vision Pro is the best way
to enjoy your favorite entertainment. And with spatial photos and videos, you can capture and relive
cherished moments in magical new ways. Now, back to Tim. Tim: Apple Vision Pro will change the way
we communicate, collaborate, work, and enjoy entertainment. And the Walt Disney Company
is the world's leader in entertainment. So I'm thrilled to introduce Bob Iger,
CEO of Disney. Bob Iger: Thanks, Tim. It's a privilege to be here with you
for this momentous event. As The Walt Disney Company
celebrates our 100th anniversary, we're proudly reflecting on our rich
legacy of innovation in storytelling while also looking to our future
with enthusiasm and optimism. We're constantly in search
of new ways to entertain, inform, and inspire our fans by combining extraordinary creativity
with groundbreaking technology to create truly remarkable experiences, and we believe Apple Vision Pro
is a revolutionary platform that can make our vision a reality. The first time I tried Apple Vision Pro, the thing that struck me the most
was how it will allow us to create deeply personal experiences that bring our fans
closer to the characters they love and more deeply immersed in our stories. This platform will allow us
to bring Disney to our fans in ways that were previously impossible. We're tremendously excited
to give you a sneak peek of just some of the things
that we've been dreaming up. So take a look. ♪ ♪ - What if all the things
that we thought were impossible were suddenly possible? You could experience your favorite stories in unexpected ways... ♪ ♪ ...or in unbelievable places. ♪ ♪ You could do more than just watch sports. - Touchdown! - You could be at the game without leaving your home. Or be part of the action
like never before. What if you could travel on a National Geographic adventure from your couch? Or if your imaginary friends... - Oh, boy! - Weren't quite so... imaginary? What if you could bring Disney World into your world? And what if you could become a super hero and seek the answer
to the ultimate question? What if? - Space, time, reality– it's more than a linear path. It's a prism of endless possibilities– imperceptible to most, but not to you. ♪ ♪ Bob: We're so proud
to yet again be partnering the greatest storytelling company
in the world with the most innovative
technology company in the world to bring you real life magic. And I'm excited to announce
that Disney+ will be available on day one. These are just a few of the ways
we can bring Disney into your world with Apple Vision Pro, and we're looking forward to sharing
more in the coming months. Thanks, Tim! Tim: Thank you, Bob! We are excited to work together
to see all of the amazing things Disney will do with the capabilities
of Apple Vision Pro. These groundbreaking innovations
required remarkable breakthroughs in design and technology. To tell you about the incredible new
design of Vision Pro, here's Richard. ♪ ♪ Richard Howarth:
It's not often we get the chance to define an entirely new category– to establish the principles that will
influence the design for years to come. Apple Vision Pro is the result of decades
of our collective experience designing high-performance products
like Mac, mobile products like iPhone, and wearable products like Apple Watch. All that learning has culminated
in the most ambitious product we've ever created. To achieve our goals of performance,
mobility, and wearability, we utilized the most advanced,
lightest-weight materials possible. The entire front of the product
is a singular piece of three-dimensionally formed
and laminated glass. It's polished to an optical surface allowing it to act as a lens for EyeSight and a wide array of cameras and sensors
that need to have a view of the world. The glass flows seamlessly
into a lightweight frame that houses a button
to capture spatial photos and video, and a Digital Crown
that summons the Home View and rotates to control immersion levels
of Environments. It's machined from a custom aluminum alloy that gently curves
to wrap around your face. This frame completes the form and is the primary structural element
of Vision Pro, holding and protecting
the components inside. This surprisingly compact form encapsulates an extraordinary amount
of technology: displays, cameras, sensors, and even a high-performance computer, all kept cool
by an efficient thermal design that quietly draws air through the system. In contrast to the high-precision
front of the product, we created a rich combination
of soft, textile parts that provide comfort and wearability. We studied thousands of heads
to get a detailed understanding of the huge variation in cheek width, face angle, and head shape. This led us to design a modular system that allows us to tailor the product
to fit you perfectly. The LightSeal comes in a range
of different shapes and sizes, and flexes to conform to your face, delivering a really precise fit. Extending from the frame
are flexible straps that conform to the head, ensuring the audio pods
remain close to your ears. They deliver rich Spatial Audio while
keeping you aware of your surroundings. The Head Band is 3D knitted
as a single piece to create a unique rib structure
that provides cushioning, breathability, and stretch. The band attaches
with a simple and secure mechanism, allowing you to change it
for a different size, or even a different kind of band. An easy-to-reach adjustment dial
helps you secure the device comfortably, and enables micro-adjustments during use. For those who wear glasses, we teamed up with Zeiss
to create custom optical inserts that magnetically attach to the lenses. They accommodate a huge range
of vision correction without compromising display performance,
or eye tracking accuracy. Vision Pro supports all-day use
when plugged in, and up to two hours of use with
the external, high-performance battery. A separate battery means that you don't
wear that weight on your head. The soft aluminum form
slips easily into your pocket, and connects via a supple woven cable. So that's the design of Vision Pro, our first-ever wearable, spatial computer. An incredibly capable and powerful tool that blends digital content
with your world. To tell you about the technology
we developed to enable these extraordinary experiences,
here's Mike. ♪ ♪ Mike Rockwell: Creating our first
spatial computer required invention across nearly every facet of the system. Apple Vision Pro needed to deliver
huge amounts of compute performance in a compact, wearable form factor. It needed an advanced,
real-time sensor system, as well as incredibly convincing
Spatial Audio. And of course,
technological breakthroughs in displays. Your eyes see the world with
incredible resolution and color fidelity. To give your eyes what they need, we had to invent a display system
with a huge number of pixels, but in a small form factor. A display where
the pixels would disappear, creating a smooth, continuous image. It starts with
a micro-OLED Apple silicon backplane that fits 64 pixels
in the space of a single iPhone pixel– they're just 7.5 microns wide. Combined, Vision Pro has 23 million pixels
across two panels that are each just the size
of a postage stamp. That's more pixels
than a 4K TV for each eye. To magnify these panels
and wrap them around you, a sophisticated lens solution was needed. We designed a custom three-element lens
with incredible sharpness and clarity. The result is a display
that's everywhere you look, delivering jaw-dropping experiences
that are simply not possible with any other device. It enables video to be rendered
at true 4K resolution, with wide color and high dynamic range,
all at massive scale. And fine text looks super sharp
from any angle. This is critical for browsing the web,
reading messages, and writing emails. Now let's talk about audio. What you hear is critical
to how you perceive the world. We wanted sound to feel like
it was coming from the space around you, blending with the real world. So Vision Pro features
an entirely new Spatial Audio system. Personalized sound is delivered through
the integrated dual-driver audio pods, allowing us to create
ambient Spatial Audio, where your brain is totally convinced that sounds are coming
from the environment around you. Beyond personalizing sound to you, Vision Pro matches the sound to your room by analyzing the features
and materials of your space using a technique called
audio ray tracing. Precisely matching sound to your room
is just one example of how Vision Pro makes use
of its advanced sensor array. This system also provides
high-resolution video to the displays, enables precise head and hand tracking, performs real-time 3D mapping, and more. A high-performance eye tracking system
uses high-speed cameras and a ring of LEDs that project
invisible light patterns onto the eyes for responsive, intuitive input. It's so precise,
it completely frees up your hands from needing clumsy hardware controllers. Processing all the information
from these sensors, while simultaneously delivering
an ultra-high-resolution experience, requires a system with massive
sustained computational power. It also has to remain cool and quiet. At the foundation of this system
is Apple silicon in a unique dual-chip design. It starts with the Apple M2 chip. It delivers phenomenal compute performance while allowing Vision Pro
to maintain a comfortable temperature and run virtually silent. Running in parallel
is a brand-new chip called R1. This specialized chip
was designed specifically for the challenging task
of real-time sensor processing. It processes input from 12 cameras, five sensors, and six microphones. In other head-worn systems, latency between sensors and displays
can contribute to motion discomfort. R1 virtually eliminates lag, streaming new images to the displays
within 12 milliseconds. That's eight times faster
than the blink of an eye! So while M2 ensures that Apple Vision Pro delivers incredible
standalone performance, R1 ensures that experiences feel like they're taking place
right in front of your eyes. We also thought hard about
how others can interact with you while wearing Vision Pro. EyeSight utilizes a unique
curved OLED panel with a lenticular lens to project the correct perspective of your
eyes to each person looking at you. The result is a 3D display
that makes the device look transparent. For digital communication like FaceTime, Vision Pro goes beyond conveying
just your eyes and creates
an authentic representation of you. This was one of the most
difficult challenges we faced in building Apple Vision Pro. There is no video conferencing
camera looking at you, and even if there were,
you're wearing something over your eyes. Using our most advanced
machine learning techniques, we created a novel solution. After a quick enrollment process
using the front sensors on Vision Pro, the system uses an advanced
encoder-decoder neural network to create your digital Persona. This network was trained on a diverse
group of thousands of individuals. It delivers a natural representation, which dynamically matches
your facial and hand movement. With your Persona,
you can communicate with over a billion
FaceTime-capable devices. When viewed by someone
in another Vision Pro, your Persona has volume and depth
not possible in traditional video. None of this advanced technology
could come to life without a powerful operating system
called visionOS. It's built on the foundation
of the decades of engineering innovation in macOS, iOS, and iPadOS. To that foundation,
we added a host of new capabilities to support the low-latency requirements
of spatial computing, such as a new real-time execution engine that guarantees
performance-critical workloads, a dynamically foveated rendering pipeline
that delivers maximum image quality to exactly where your eyes are looking
for every single frame, a first-of-its-kind multi-app 3D engine that allows different apps to run
simultaneously in the same simulation, and importantly,
the existing application frameworks were extended to natively support
spatial experiences. vision OS is the first operating system
designed from the ground up for spatial computing. All of the incredible innovations
in Vision Pro make it truly a one-of-a-kind device. There's simply nothing else like it. Apple Vision Pro is more
than just a new product. It's the start
of an entirely new platform. To tell you more about what this
means for developers, here's Susan. ♪ ♪ Susan Prescott: We've been preparing
for this day for years, and we're really excited
about the possibilities Vision Pro opens up for developers. Vision Pro lets developers reimagine
existing apps and create brand-new ones. Spatial experiences can take many forms, and can include 3D objects
that look and feel real. We've given a few developers an early look
at Vision Pro to see what they could do, and they created some apps
that are truly incredible. Complete HeartX creates
an interactive 3D beating heart, giving students a whole new perspective
on the body's most important function. JigSpace lets designers collaborate
to review a concept, like the design of the Alfa Romeo F1 car. And businesses can use Stages from PTC to review and approve
a new production line before manufacturing begins. Mix your favorite tracks with djay,
with a reimagined spatial interface. And with Sky Guide you are transported
into your own personal planetarium, with views you can't see
with the naked eye. And Vision Pro is amazing
for everyday productivity too. Microsoft apps like Excel, Word, and Teams make full use of the expansive canvas and sharp text rendering of Vision Pro. And popular video conferencing apps
can leverage your digital Persona to make collaborating easy on this device. And of course, our developer tools
have been built with Vision Pro in mind. Developers can use familiar tools
and frameworks– like Xcode, SwiftUI,
RealityKit, and ARKit– to make new apps for Vision Pro. And to streamline the preparation
of 3D content for spatial apps, we built Reality Composer Pro, which makes it easy to assemble
complex scenes with realistic objects. The same frameworks available in iPadOS
and iOS are also included in visionOS. This means hundreds of thousands
of iPad and iPhone apps will be available on Vision Pro at launch. So you can use apps like Adobe Lightroom
on a massive screen and easily control these apps
with just your eyes and hands. We know there is a community of developers
who have been building incredible 3D apps for years. And today, we are excited to share that we've been working with Unity to bring those apps to Vision Pro. So popular Unity-based games and apps
can gain full access to visionOS features such as pass-through,
high resolution rendering, and native gestures. And because these Unity apps
are running natively on Apple Vision Pro, they can sit side by side, rendered simultaneously
with other visionOS apps. And Apple Vision Pro
will have a brand-new App Store, where users can discover and download
all the apps built for visionOS, as well as compatible iPad
and iPhone apps. We'll share more
about our tools for developers and everything they need
to kickstart development this afternoon in the Platforms State of the Union. We can't wait to see what developers
will do with this groundbreaking platform. Now, back to Mike. Mike: We've been building towards
this moment for years. Our work together with Unity
to deeply support their tools, combined with the world class rendering
of visionOS and powerful displays, makes Apple Vision Pro an incredible
platform for game developers. Our amazing developer and app ecosystem
is one of the reasons people love their Apple products. Another is the relentless focus
we place on privacy and security. And that starts the moment
you put on Apple Vision Pro, where it authenticates you with a secure,
yet effortless system called Optic ID. This new system
uses the uniqueness of your iris, which is distinct,
even with identical twins, to instantly unlock Vision Pro. Optic ID data is encrypted,
never leaves your device, and like Face ID, is only accessible
to the Secure Enclave processor. Optic ID works seamlessly
with features like Apple Pay, App Store purchase, and Password AutoFill. We also engineered privacy into Vision Pro
in some important ways. For example,
where you look is very personal. It can give away something
about what you're thinking. In Apple Vision Pro,
where you look stays private. Eye input is isolated
to a separate background process, so apps and websites
can't see where you are looking. Only when you tap your fingers
do results get communicated, just like a mouse click or tap
on other Apple devices. And camera data
is processed at the system level, so individual apps don't need to see
your surroundings. You can enjoy the experiences
in Vision Pro knowing our world-class security
and privacy features are right there with you. So that's Apple Vision Pro. With the most advanced displays
we've ever made, a revolutionary Spatial Audio system, two powerful Apple silicon chips, a groundbreaking spatial operating system, and a gorgeous design
made from aerospace-grade alloys, Apple Vision Pro is the most advanced
personal electronics device ever. In fact, there is so much invention
in Vision Pro that we filed over 5,000 patents
during its development. It's hard to believe
all the capabilities Vision Pro delivers are possible
in a standalone spatial computer portable enough to use anywhere. It lets you replace a desk full of
monitors with infinite screen real estate, so you can be more productive than ever. It delivers stunning entertainment
and Personalized Spatial Audio. It provides powerful new ways
to collaborate and stay connected. And for capturing and reliving memories, Vision Pro is simply
in a class of its own. If you purchased
a new state-of-the-art TV, surround sound system, powerful computer
with multiple high-definition displays, high-end camera, and more, you still would not have come close
to what Vision Pro delivers. Apple Vision Pro starts at $3499. It will be available early next year
on apple.com and at Apple retail stores in the US, with more countries coming
later next year. WWDC provides the ideal time
to share in-depth information about this incredible new platform
with developers. And we will work with them
over the coming months to create new and innovative apps
for the launch of Vision Pro and beyond. And the Apple Store
was built for moments like this. You will be able to engage with our team
to learn more about this new platform, get a demo,
and personalize your fit for Vision Pro. We can't wait
for you to experience Apple Vision Pro. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ ♪ Oh, how the day goes by ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim: Thank you, Mike,
and thanks to all of our presenters. And a big thanks to everyone at Apple
who made today possible. This has been a huge day. We introduced
the all-new 15-inch MacBook Air, the world's best 15-inch notebook, as well as the two most powerful Macs
we've ever made, Mac Studio and Mac Pro– all of them powered by Apple silicon. And we showed you where we're taking
our amazing software platforms: iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS and the software
that powers home and audio. And of course,
we announced Apple Vision Pro. There are certain products that shift
the way we look at technology and the role it plays in our lives. We believe Apple Vision Pro
is a revolutionary product– with the performance, immersion,
and capability that only Apple can deliver. Apple Vision Pro, together with visionOS, introduces an entirely new
spatial computing platform– a platform that presents
incredible possibilities for our users and exciting new opportunities
for our developers. And this is just the beginning. We made an ad for Apple Vision Pro, and I'd like to share it with you now. ♪ ♪ ♪ Dreamer ♪ ♪ You're nothing but a dreamer ♪ ♪ Well, can you put your hands
in your head? ♪ ♪ Oh, no, I said dreamer ♪ ♪ You say you were a dreamer ♪ ♪ Well, can you put your hands
in your head? ♪ Oh, no ♪ ♪ I said, far out ♪ ♪ What a day, a year, a life it is ♪ ♪ You'll know ♪ ♪ Well, you know you had
it coming to you ♪ ♪ Take a dream on a Sunday ♪ ♪ Take a life, take a holiday ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Take a lie, take a dreamer ♪ ♪ Dream, dream, dream, dream,
dream, dream, dream, dream ♪ ♪ Dream along ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Dreamer ♪ ♪ Dreamer, dream along ♪ ♪ Dreamer ♪ ♪ You're nothing but a dreamer ♪ ♪ Well, can you put your hands
in your head? ♪ ♪ Oh, no ♪ ♪ ♪ - Toast! ♪ Whoo! ♪ Tim: I hope you're as excited
about Apple Vision Pro as we are. You'll be hearing much more about it, as well as visionOS and our other
platforms throughout the conference. Thank you so much for joining us. Have a great week and a great WWDC! ♪ ♪ Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event Apple Event [notification clicks] ♪ ♪ [phone chimes] [indistinct whispering] Happy birthday. Love you. [phone vibrates] ♪ ♪ [notification chimes] ♪ ♪ Happy birthday! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tasha Prescott: Oh, man. I'm appreciative of just life. Another opportunity. My kids experiencing things
because I'm still here. Antonio Femiano:
It's always great to get up in
the morning and be here,
living one more day with them. Stephen Watts:
It's so exciting to live and to be here with people you
love. Omar Hashem:
I'm thankful for my friends and
family for supporting me. I'm super thankful for my life. Imani Miles: Everybody has
always said, "She's gonna be somebody really
great when she grows up." I believe that. ♪ ♪ We're so glad you're here with
us, Jessie. - I know.
- We're so glad. We love you so much. Jess Kelly:
I'm here, Shelby's here, and I'm super thankful for that. Okay, now can I blow out these
candles? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim Cook: Good morning. Welcome to Apple Park. We're so excited you could join
us today for some big
announcements about two essential products: Apple Watch and iPhone. Like we just saw, nothing's more important
than helping save lives, and it's amazing to see all the
ways people use Apple Watch and iPhone every day. We're going to talk more about
what's coming next to these
products. But first, I'd like to provide a
couple of updates, starting with
the Mac. In June our Mac lineup got even
better. We introduced the two most
powerful Macs we've ever
shipped, the new Mac Studio and Mac Pro. This completed the transition
of the Mac to Apple silicon. We also introduced
the world's best 15-inch laptop, the new 15-inch MacBook Air. And the reaction has been
fantastic. Tom's Guide said the 15-inch
MacBook Air is the best 15-inch
laptop you can buy. And Marques Brownlee said
the 15-inch MacBook Air is going to instantly rocket
to the top of the lineup to become the most popular
15-inch laptop. We love the new MacBook Air
and the entire Mac lineup. It's the best and most capable
lineup in the history of the
personal computer. We also unveiled Apple Vision
Pro, an entirely new
spatial computing platform where your digital content
seamlessly blends with your
physical space. Everything looks better on
Vision Pro, including your favorite TV shows
and movies, like the new season of The
Morning Show which starts this
week. And the response to Apple Vision
Pro has been absolutely amazing. We're so pleased that people are
as excited about Apple Vision
Pro as we are. Apple Vision Pro
has also captured the
imagination of our remarkable developer
community. We're extremely excited about
what they're already showing us in our developer labs around the
world. They're creating truly amazing
experiences that wouldn't be
possible on any other platform. Our Apple team is also making
great progress with Vision Pro and we're on track to ship
early next year. We look forward to sharing
Apple Vision Pro and its breakthrough spatial
experiences with all of you. Now, let's get to the big news
of the day about Apple Watch and iPhone. Their innovative features
and industry-leading
technologies help improve our lives in so
many meaningful and delightful
ways. Apple Watch helps us stay
healthy, active, and connected, and iPhone impacts
just about everything we do. They're with us all the time. And if you left either one at
home, I bet you'd go back and
get it. So we're excited to talk about
how we're taking Apple Watch and iPhone even further. Let's get started with Apple
Watch. Here's Jeff to tell you more. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Jeff Williams: Apple Watch helps
millions of people live a better
day. It monitors your health,
motivates you to be active, connects you to the people
and information you care about, and can even contact help if
needed. And today I'm excited to
introduce the next generation of Apple
Watch. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Jeff: Apple Watch is
the world's most popular watch. And Series 9 takes it to the
next level, with powerful new Apple silicon, and amazing new features
that you'll use every single
day. Here's Deidre to tell you all
about it. ♪ ♪ Deidre Caldbeck: Apple silicon
powers the incredible
capabilities built into every Apple Watch. Designing our own chips
and tightly integrating them
with watchOS unlocks innovative features
like advanced workout metrics, sleep stages, and car crash
detection. Apple Watch Series 9 has been
redesigned on the inside with
the all-new S9 SiP, giving it a big boost
in performance and capabilities. It's our most powerful watch
chip yet. The S9 CPU has 5.6 billion
transistors, 60% more than Series 8,
and its GPU is 30% faster. The new S9 chip makes the
animations and effects in
watchOS 10 look super smooth. S9 also has a new 4-core Neural
Engine that can process machine
learning tasks up to twice as
fast. This powerful custom silicon
is what allows us to maintain all-day 18-hour battery life while adding new features
and system-wide improvements to
Series 9. Because it's always on you, Apple Watch is often the easiest
and quickest way to use Siri. To check the score,
close the garage, or send a
message, just raise your wrist and ask.
It's that simple. Thanks to the powerful new
Neural Engine, Siri requests are now processed
on-device, making them faster and more
secure. This means that the most common
requests, like "Siri,
start an outdoor walk workout," no longer have to go to the
cloud, so they can't be slowed down
connection.i-Fi or cellula And because the Neural Engine
can run a more advanced
transformer model, dictation on Series 9 is up to
25% more accurate than on Series
8. Secure on-device processing
also enables a brand new
feature: the ability to access
your health data with Siri. So now you can ask,
"How much did I sleep last
night?", "What's my average walking heart
rate?", or "How does my Move ring look
today?" And you can log health data,
like your weight or period, or that you've taken your
medications, with just your
voice. Siri health queries will be
available later this year in
English and Mandarin with more languages to follow. Apple Watch is perfect for
interacting with nearby objects
like smart locks, gym equipment, or payment
terminals. At home or out in the world, your watch connects
to all kinds of devices making so many
of the things you do easier. And with watchOS 10,
you can use NameDrop to instantly share
your contact information with another person's Apple
Watch. This year, Apple silicon
enhances another one of our users'
favorite nearby or faraway
features: the ability to ping your iPhone. Series 9 has a new
second-generation Ultra Wideband
chip that enables Precision Finding
for iPhones with the same chip. You'll see both the distance
and direction to your iPhone, and once you get close, haptic and audible feedback
guide you to its location, even if it's in a different
room. Ultra Wideband also brings new
integration between Apple Watch
and HomePod. When you get close to your
HomePod, media suggestions will
automatically appear at the top
of the Smart Stack, so you can instantly fire up a
playlist or podcast. Or if audio is already playing, your watch will launch Now
Playing to let you control it. Series 9 features a big
edge-to-edge Always-On Retina
display that's even easier to read
outdoors because it now goes up to 2000
nits, double the brightness of
Series 8. The display is also better
in very dark situations, like a movie theater
or early morning wakeup, because it now goes down to just
one nit. These features will be useful
every time you put on your
watch. But that's not all. The powerful SiP also enables
an incredible new capability. Back to Jeff to tell you about
it. Jeff: Innovations on Apple Watch
like the Digital Crown and
Taptic Engine, along with tap, swipe, and
double-click, make it simple and intuitive to
use. Apple Watch is also controlled
by gestures like wrist raise, which brightens the display
to let you check the time, read notifications,
or see who's calling with a
glance. You can even cover the display
to silence alerts. Today, we're adding something
really cool. Series 9 enables an incredible
new gesture that uses just your watch hand. It's especially convenient
for those common situations, when your other hand is
occupied, like walking the dog
or holding a cup of coffee. We think you'll use this all the
time. Introducing Double Tap. Just tap your index finger and
thumb together twice. It's that easy. You can use Double Tap to answer
a call. Let me show you. Hi, Deidre. Deidre: Hey, Jeff. Jeff: This same gesture also
works to end the call. See you later.
Deidre: Okay, bye. Jeff: Double Tap controls
the primary button in an app so you can use it to stop a
timer, play and pause music,
or snooze an alarm. A Double Tap will also launch
the Smart Stack from your watch
face. Double Tap again
to scroll through the widgets, just like turning the Digital
Crown. This new gesture is enabled
by the powerful neural engine in
Series 9, which processes data
from the accelerometer,
gyroscope, and optical heart sensor
in a completely new way. It uses a machine learning
algorithm to detect the unique
signature of tiny movements
and changes in blood flow when your hand and fingers
perform a Double Tap, Check out Double Tap in action. [watch chiming] ♪ ♪ [ringtone chiming] Hello? ♪ ♪ Hello? Hello? ♪ ♪ [ringtone chiming] Hey, Mom. ♪ ♪ Whoa. ♪ ♪ Tina: I took a left at Survival, but I don't know what books
you're talking about. I don't know, Tina. Tina: I thought I was on the
first floor.
- Shh. Tina: But I saw a sign that it
was the second floor, and then I
tried get-- ♪ ♪ [notification chiming] Jeff: Double Tap makes
interacting with your watch
faster, easier, and more convenient. It will be available next month, and we can't wait
for you to start using it, because once you do, it will become one of those
magical experiences you rely on
every day. Series 9 will be available
in a gorgeous new Pink aluminum
case, plus Starlight, Silver,
Midnight, and PRODUCT(RED), and stainless steel cases
in Gold, Silver, and Graphite. Across these models we've also
been innovating in another
important direction: Towards our industry-leading
environmental goals. We recently had the chance to
share our progress with a
special guest. [muttering] ♪ ♪ [sighs]
Welcome to Apple. Welcome to
Apple. Hi, I'm Tim.
- She should be here any minute. How was the weather coming here? Hi, I'm Tim. ♪ ♪ Hey, uh, I'm gonna do "The
office is already carbon
neutral," thing, right? - Yeah, all yours.
- Okay. ♪ ♪ Okay. ♪ ♪ [thunder rumbling, wind blowing] ♪ ♪ [rumbling] ♪ ♪ I hope we didn't keep you
waiting. Mother Nature. Mother Nature, welcome to Apple. How-how was the weather getting
in? [thunder rumbles] The weather was however I wanted
it to be. Let's cut to the chase. In 2020, you promised to bring
Apple's entire carbon footprint
to zero by 2030. Henry David Thoreau over here said we have a profound
opportunity to build a more
sustainable future for the planet we share. I think our 10:00 o'clock
said the same thing. They all do. All right, this is my third
corporate responsibility gig
today, so who wants to disappoint me
first? Well, we've got some updates
we are excited to share with
you-- Materials? Status. Is there a materials person
here? Yes. We are in the process of
eliminating all plastic from our
packaging by the end-- Let me guess. 50 years from now when someone
else is left holding the bag? By the end of next year,
actually. And we're also currently using
100% recycled aluminum in the enclosures of all our
MacBooks, Apple TVs, Apple Watch. What about iPod Shuffle? The--well--
[indistinct muttering] Mother Nature: It's a joke. Don't you people make Ted Lasso? That's a different group. Um, we're also phasing out
leather in our iPhone cases. What about Brando over there? They phasing you out too? Oh. What's next? - Electricity.
- Electricity? Status. Uh, we're--we're operating
on 100% clean electricity. What runs on 100% clean
electricity? Every Apple office, store, and
data center runs on clean
electricity, thanks to you and your powerful
wind and sun. Mm. And Apple offices are already
carbon neutral. This building is carbon neutral? Well, yeah, we do it with a mix
of clean energy and eliminating greenhouse
emissions. It's kind of like if you were
to, uh-- You're seriously explaining
carbon neutrality to Mother
Nature? Right. No. Sorry. You want to tell me
how photosynthesis works too? - Don't.
- Um... also, over 300 suppliers have
committed to using 100% clean
renewable electricity. What's next? Transportation. I'mproud to report that we're
shipping more products by ocean, rather than air, which reduces
transportation emissions by 95%. 95%? Not too bad. I'm also happy to report that we're investing in projects
around the world that protect the Earth's soil,
plants, and trees. [chuckles] Everyone says they're planting
trees. We've planted forests. Oh. Hello. - Where?
- Paraguay. Brazil. What, are you trying to save
the tropical savannah? ♪ ♪ Yes. And we've also restored
mangroves in Colombia. What else? - Grasslands in Kenya.
- Why? Our aim is to permanently remove
carbon from the atmosphere. ♪ ♪ - What about your water usage?
- We've reduced it. - By how much?
- 63 billion gallons. - 63 million?
- Billion. ♪ ♪ Tim: As you can see,
we've innovated and retooled almost every part of our process to reduce our impact on the
planet. By 2030, all Apple devices will
have a net zero climate impact. All of them? All of them. They better. They will. ♪ ♪ Okay. Good. See you next year. Don't disappoint your mother! ♪ ♪ That was awesome. [excited chatter] ♪ ♪ Jeff: As you can see, we've been working on some
really big environmental
initiatives and it's making a difference. To share more, here's Lisa. ♪ ♪ Lisa Jackson: At Apple, our
mission is to make products
customers love and protect the planet at the
same time. Three years ago,
we made our corporate operations around the world carbon neutral. It was the first step towards our most ambitious
environmental commitment to
date. Apple 2030: our plan to be carbon neutral
across our entire business by the year 2030. The next step is getting the
carbon footprint of all of our
products down to net zero. For Apple Watch Series 9,
we challenged ourselves to significantly reduce
greenhouse gas emissions from their three biggest
sources: materials, electricity,
and transportation. Maximizing recycled
and renewable materials in our
products is key to Apple 2030 because they have a lower carbon
impact than virgin materials. So we use 100% recycled aluminum
in our watch cases, plus recycled gold, tin, copper,
tungsten, and more inside of
Series 9. And for the first time, there is
100% recycled cobalt in the
battery. We also redesigned
one of our most popular watch
bands, the Sport Loop,
to use more recycled material. It is now made with 82% recycled
yarn, while maintaining the softness
and comfort you love. Electricity is the biggest
source of carbon emissions. Since 2015, we've been investing
in renewable energy like this solar installation
in central California while helping our suppliers do
the same. And we're excited to announce
that starting this year, all Apple Watch manufacturing
is powered by 100% clean
electricity, Charging is another source of
emissions. While it's a small amount per
person, across millions of watch
wearers, it adds up. So we decided to do something
about it. For Series 9, Apple will match
100% of your expected
electricity use by investing in renewable energy
projects around the world. Finally, we looked at how Apple
Watch gets from the factory to
you. To cut emissions from
transportation, we started by redesigning
Series 9 packaging to be 100%
fiber-based and more compact. It has a new, smaller shape that
lets us ship up to 25% more
watches per trip. And more of those trips will be
made with low-carbon shipping
modes, like ocean-freight, which emits
just one-twentieth of shipping
by air. Our efforts to reduce emissions
from materials, electricity, and
transportation resulted in a whopping 78%
decrease in the carbon
footprint. The small amount of emissions
that remain are offset by high-quality credits
from projects like forests and
wetlands that actively remove carbon
from the atmosphere. This last step brings the net
carbon footprint of Apple Watch
Series 9 down to zero, making it our first-ever
carbon neutral product! Any combination of aluminum
Series 9 and new Sport Loop is
carbon neutral and has been certified
by an independent third party. To help you recognize it,
you'll see this new logo on the
box. We are so excited about this
achievement, and it's how we plan to get all
Apple products to carbon
neutral, by innovating across design,
engineering, and operations to steeply reduce emissions before applying
high-quality carbon credits. While Apple 2030 is the
destination, the journey is
important, too. So we looked for additional
opportunities to make change. Leather is a popular material
for accessories, but it has a significant carbon
footprint, especially at Apple's
scale. To reduce our impact, we will no
longer use leather in any new
Apple products, including watch bands,
and that starts today. Now, back to Jeff to tell you
more. Jeff: We've developed a
beautiful, luxurious, and
durable new textile that we're calling FineWoven. It's made of 68%
post-consumer recycled content, which has a significantly lower
carbon footprint than leather. FineWoven gives the new Magnetic
Link a subtle luster and
suede-like feel and it looks great
on the Modern Buckle, too. Both bands will be available in
new colors and offer a sophisticated look
for any special occasion. We also explored more
environmentally friendly
materials with our partners. This year, we collaborated with
Hermès on four new styles that draw on
their long history in textiles. There are two elegant woven
bands, our first-ever knitted band,
and another in sporty molded
rubber. And all come in a range of rich
colors. Hermès Radial, a modern take
on their classic watch face, complements these innovative new
styles. We also worked with Nike
to design new bands that repurpose excess materials
and waste, reducing the use of virgin
material. The new Nike Sport Band includes
colorful flakes of recycled
material. They create a randomized pattern
that makes each band unique. For the Nike Sport Loop, we repurposed yarn from previous
seasons to make the same soft material
with a fun, new space dye look. Both bands come
in a range of dynamic colors. And there's a new Nike watch
face that shows each passing second
on the lines of the globe. And that's the new Apple Watch
Series 9. It features a magical new way
to control your watch with
Double Tap, faster on-device Siri
that lets you securely access
health data, Precision Finding for iPhone, and a brighter display all enabled by the S9 SiP, our most powerful chip ever
in an Apple Watch. And it's Apple's first-ever
carbon neutral product. Now, let's talk about Apple
Watch Ultra. ♪ ♪ Ultra is the most advanced Apple
Watch, and it's perfect for anyone
who wants the biggest display and longest battery life
with a stunning design. Over the last year, Ultra has
helped people accomplish
extraordinary feats, like summiting the tallest
mountains, completing demanding endurance
races, and diving the world's oceans. Ultra is a precision tool
designed to go farther, higher, and deeper
than any Apple Watch has before. And we've made our most rugged
and capable Apple Watch even
better. Today we're introducing
Apple Watch Ultra 2 with incredible new features
that elevate any adventure. And here's Daniela
to tell you all about it. Daniela Deschamps:
Ultra 2 gets the powerful new S9
SiP. That means you can use the new
Double Tap gesture anytime your
hands are full. Set a Waypoint using just your
voice with the new on-device
Siri, even when you have no
connectivity. And Precision Finding with
the second generation Ultra
Wideband chip helps you easily find your
iPhone when you can't remember
where it's stowed. Ultra 2 also has
a new advanced display
architecture that pushes the brightness
to a massive 3000 nits. It's the brightest display
Apple has ever created, and makes Ultra 2 more readable
in the harshest sunlight. To take advantage
of this incredible display, we created an exclusive new
watch face called Modular Ultra. It's the first to use the
outermost edge of the display to show real-time data like
altitude, depth, or the passing
seconds. Modular Ultra can be customized
to provide the most information
at a glance of any digital watch face
we have ever made. And now Night Mode
uses the ambient light sensor to activate automatically in the
dark. Day or night, Ultra has so much
to offer. And for runners, it's the
perfect choice with advanced metrics,
a big, brighter display, a customizable Action button, and precision dual-frequency
GPS. And this year, watchOS 10
takes cycling to the next level, allowing you to connect
Bluetooth accessories to measure
cadence, speed, and power. Apple Watch also helps you get
the most out of your training
with Power Zones. And if you start
a cycling workout on your watch, it automatically shows up
as a Live Activity on your
iPhone. Ultra 2 is designed for extremes and has been tested across the
largest range of altitudes for
any Apple product, from the lowest valleys
to the highest peaks. Ultra is also great
for your underwater adventures. The Depth app now saves
a log of each session, so you can review your dives
right on Ultra and in the
Fitness app on iPhone. From alpine peaks,
to deep water, to the open road, we can't wait to see
where you take Ultra 2. Now, back to Jeff. ♪ ♪ Jeff:
Even with all these new
capabilities, Ultra 2 still gets
the same great battery life. Up to 36 hours of typical use
on a single charge, and up to 72 hours in Low Power
Mode. With Ultra 2, we are also
continuing our commitment to the
environment. In just one year,
we significantly increased the amount of recycled content
in the case, going from all virgin titanium
to 95% recycled. This dramatic improvement in
material, along with our work in clean
electricity and transportation, allowed us to meet our ambitious
carbon reduction targets making any Ultra 2 paired
with an Alpine Loop or Trail
Loop carbon neutral. And this year,
the Trail Loop and Alpine Loop, and the Ocean Band come
in a range of beautiful new
colors. And that's the new Apple Watch
Ultra 2. It comes with all of the
features users love about Ultra, plus the powerful S9 SiP,
Apple's brightest display ever, an expanded altitude range,
on-device Siri, and a brand new gesture
for easy control of your watch. These innovations
and the advancements in watchOS
10, make our most rugged
and capable watch even better. Ultra 2 joins Series 9 in the
lineup along with the popular
second generation Apple Watch
SE. And we're excited to announce
that SE is also carbon neutral when paired with a Sport Loop. Which means this fall, customers can buy a carbon
neutral model of any new Apple
Watch. The Apple Watch SE starts at
just $249. The new Series 9 starts at $399. And Apple Watch Ultra 2 is $799. You can order the new
Apple Watch models starting
today, and they will be available
on September 22nd. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: I love the new Apple Watch
Series 9 and Apple Watch Ultra
2. With incredible new
capabilities, they're the most technically
advanced watches we've ever
created. And I'm really proud
of the Apple Watch team for delivering
our first carbon neutral product seven years ahead
of our companywide 2030 goal. Now, let's talk about iPhone. Since the very first iPhone, we've focused on giving our
users a device that's incredibly
powerful, remarkably easy to use,
and beautifully designed. Every year, we've built on this
foundation to create experiences that make a real difference
in our users' daily lives. Today, we're pushing what users
love about iPhone even further. And I'd like to show it to you
now. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim: iPhone 15 is absolutely
incredible! To tell you all about it, here's
Kaiann. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Kaiann Drance: iPhone 15 has
an all-new design that's simply
gorgeous. Starting from the front,
it has the Dynamic Island, which has been a hit with our
Pro users. The Dynamic Island fluidly
expands and adapts to your
alerts and Live Activities, creating an experience
that's so intuitive, it feels
magical. Now even more users
can easily control their music or see the next direction in
Maps. Our amazing community of
developers have made the Dynamic
Island even more useful
by expanding what it can do. Now, you can track a pizza
delivery and follow the big game at the
same time. When you're catching a flight,
you can see which gate you're
leaving from, and how long until boarding
time. It's more helpful than ever. And the Dynamic Island looks
fantastic on the Super Retina XDR display,
which uses OLED technology. It provides
an exceptional viewing
experience, with thinner borders, rich
color, and support for Dolby Vision. And now, it's even brighter. Peak HDR brightness reaches 1600
nits, so HDR photos and videos
will look better than ever. When it's sunny, peak brightness
can now go up to 2000 nits, twice as bright as iPhone 14. It comes in two sizes:
6.1 inches for iPhone 15 and 6.7 inches for iPhone 15
Plus. The larger display of iPhone 15
Plus gives you more space for
text when you're reading the latest
article, post, or message, and the bigger display is
perfect when you choose larger
text. Both sizes feel even nicer in
your hand due to a new contoured
edge on the aerospace-grade aluminum
enclosure. For the first time ever in a
smartphone, iPhone 15 has color embedded
throughout a single piece of durable color-infused glass. We use metallic ions to build
color into the foundation of the
material itself, precisely controlling the
saturation to create five
stunning colors: Pink, Yellow, Green, Blue, and
Black. To provide the durability
our users depend on, we optimized our custom
dual ion-exchange process for this new material and
polished it with
nano-crystalline particles. Then, it's etched to create a
textured matte finish that feels
incredible. iPhone 15 has Ceramic Shield, tougher than any smartphone
glass, and water and dust resistance,
so it's built to last. And iPhone holds its value
longer than any other
smartphone. This is good for our users,
and good for the environment, since it helps conserve
finite natural resources. Another key part of reaching our
goal of carbon neutral products
by 2030 is maximizing our use of
recycled content, as you heard from Lisa earlier. The enclosure uses 75% recycled
aluminum. For the first time, we're using
100% recycled cobalt in the
battery and 100% recycled copper foil
in the main logic board and MagSafe charger. iPhone 15 has an entirely new
advanced camera system. It is designed to help our users
take fantastic photos of everyday moments in their
lives. We're always looking for ways
to make it easier for everyone to take gorgeous
photos, so we're bringing an amazing
48MP Main camera to iPhone 15. It's built for shooting sharp
photos and videos every day, with a quad-pixel sensor
and 100% Focus Pixels for fast
autofocus. This 48MP camera
opens up some exciting
capabilities. Say you're outside on a bright,
sunny day. You can maximize resolution
with a 48MP photo, like this majestic landscape, which captures the fine details
of the mountains, the rolling
hills, and even the individual shingles
on the houses. Of course most of the time, it's best to balance detail
and light capture, so we use computational
photography to take the Main
camera to the next level. The sensor groups every four
pixels together into a larger
two-micron pixel for fantastic light capture. Then Photonic Engine takes the
image that's been optimized for
light capture and combines it
with a super-high resolution
image for rich details. The result is a 24MP photo
with incredible image quality and double the resolution. It perfectly balances light and
detail, and has a practical file size
that's great for storing and
sharing. And with all these pixels, we
can do more than increase the
resolution. Using the middle 12MP of the new
sensor, we enabled a new 2x Telephoto
option for capturing photos
and 4K video with optical
quality. It's like having a third camera! It helps you feel closer to the
scene, and because it's enabled
by the Main camera, it has the same f/1.6 aperture and sensor-shift optical
image stabilization, which helps you take fantastic
photos even in low light. You can zoom out
to capture the whole scene, or zoom in for the perfect
close-up all with optical quality. When you're shooting videos,
the 2x Telephoto also has
continuous zoom, so you can frame the scene,
like here in 4K Cinematic mode. It helps you feel closer to your
subject, so it's perfect for portraits,
which are getting even better. To tell you more, here's Maryam. ♪ ♪ Maryam Azimi Hashemi:
This year, we're introducing the next generation of portraits
on iPhone! Now, it's even easier to get
stunning portraits of your
friends and family. Portraits will get richer color
and great low light performance, like this one. It's full of vivid color and
detail, and it uses a rich depth map
to create a beautiful bokeh
effect. In this portrait
of a very good dog asking for a
treat, iPhone caught the perfect moment
with zero shutter lag. A split second later,
and it just wouldn't be the
same. And it's easier to take a
portrait, because now you don't have to
remember to switch to Portrait
mode. Using machine learning, we can
detect when there's a person in
the frame and capture rich depth
information automatically, so you can turn it
into a stunning portrait right
away, or later on in the Photos app. It even works with dogs and
cats, so you can have more portraits
in your pets album in iOS 17
automatically. And with the rich depth map, we're introducing Focus and
Depth Control for a whole new level of
creative control. Take this super-high resolution
portrait. Now you can switch the focus
from one subject to another after the photo has been taken. It gives you so many more
options with your photos, and less to think about in the
moment. When it's dark,
Night mode is getting better
too, like in this photo
which was taken outside. It has sharp details and vibrant
colors so it beautifully captures
the texture of his skin, individual strands of hair, and even the shadows of leaves
on his shirt. When lighting is bright or
uneven, the latest Smart HDR captures
both the sky and your subject with vivid colors and even more
true-to-life rendering of skin
tones. Look at this colorful selfie
shot on the TrueDepth front
camera. It uses our new Smart HDR to beautifully capture
the deep shades of purple in her
shirt and the bright red
of the chair behind her. When you're looking at HDR
photos in the Photos app, they'll have brighter highlights
with richer mid-tones, so you can really see
the rich shades of her dress and how the light hits her cheek
just the way it was in real
life. By combining
advanced computational
photography with the 48MP Main camera, Ultra Wide camera,
and TrueDepth front camera, iPhone 15 makes it easy to take
great-looking photos and videos
every day. And it's all powered by Apple
silicon. Back to Kaiann. ♪ ♪ Kaiann: To deliver
all of these advanced features, iPhone 15 has an incredible
chip: A16 Bionic. It was introduced on iPhone 14
Pro, and it's proven how powerful,
fast, and efficient it is. The custom image signal
processor enables the advanced
camera system so you can capture fantastic
high-resolution photos and
videos. The 16-core Neural Engine
handles everything from
computational photography to Live Voicemail transcriptions
on device in order to protect your
privacy. The 5-core GPU has 50% more
memory bandwidth than A15
Bionic, so it's even better
for graphics-intensive games. And the 6-core CPU
has two high-performance cores, which are faster and use 20%
less power than A15 Bionic. The four high-efficiency cores
can handle most daily tasks, so even with all the new
features, iPhone 15 still has all-day
battery life. And iPhone 15 Plus has a bigger
battery that lasts even longer, for those days when you forget
to charge or just want to spend more time
gaming, browsing the web,
or on FaceTime with your
friends. Now let's talk about
connectivity. iPhone 15 uses powerful wired
and wireless technologies. To tell you about the exciting
new wireless features coming to
iPhone 15, here's Deniz. ♪ ♪ Deniz Teoman:
iPhone uses wireless
technologies to make everyday activities
easier, like streaming videos with
AirPlay, or easily sharing contact
information with NameDrop using near field communication. iPhone was the first smartphone
with Ultra Wideband, which is great for identifying
where your keys are hiding in
the couch. Ultra Wideband is getting even
better this year because just like Apple Watch, iPhone 15, has our cutting-edge
second generation Ultra Wideband
chip. So iPhone 15 can connect
to other devices with this chip from up tohree times farther
away. This chip also opens up
a completely new way to use Precision Finding on
iPhone 15: to find your friends. When you're in a crowded place
like a train station or a
farmer's market, and your friends share their
location, you'll be guided right to them,
with clear directions and
distance. It's built into Find My, so it has all the same privacy
protections that users have come
to trust. Of course, sometimes a phone
call is the best way to reach
someone. iPhone already has
fantastic 5G performance, and now audio quality on phone
calls is getting better too because iPhone 15 uses a more
advanced machine learning model that automatically prioritizes
your voice. If you prefer to filter out even
more distracting background
noise, just select Voice Isolation,
and you'll come through loud and
clear. I'm at the farmer's market.
Do you want-- Hang on. It's noisy here. Better? Great. Of course, they have apples
here. Deniz:
It's a feature you can use every
day. ♪ ♪ Sometimes a call can't go
through because you're off the
grid. When you need help in an
emergency, iPhone introduced
a breakthrough new service: Emergency SOS via satellite. It's having an extraordinary
impact, including helping first
responders rescue people after accidents and natural
disasters. And users have let their loved
ones know that they're safe, by updating their location
with Find My via satellite in places from the Shetland
Islands in Scotland to Mount Wellington in Tasmania. Emergency SOS and Find My via
satellite have expanded to 14 countries
on three continents, and they're coming to Spain
and Switzerland this month. Emergency SOS was built
for serious emergencies that require a first responder. But say you have car trouble
and no cellular or Wi-Fi
service. For those times, we're
introducing Roadside Assistance
via satellite. It's built on the same advanced
technology as our existing
satellite service, and it's so easy to use. Just text Roadside Assistance and select what kind of help you
need. Then the intuitive interface
will guide you to connect to a
satellite and share that information
with a roadside assistance
provider. They'll message you directly
and dispatch help to your exact
location, with the right equipment
to get you moving. It's launching in the US with
AAA, the country's largest
roadside assistance provider. Roadside service is covered
by AAA membership and is also available separately
for non-members. This is yet another way
that iPhone is essential in our
lives. Now, back to Kaiann. Kaiann: We're thrilled to
include access to these
satellite services free for two years with iPhone
15. These best-in-class wireless
capabilities keep you connected
when you're on the go. Now let's talk about
iPhone's wired capabilities. The connector is used for
charging, syncing data,
or connecting to accessories. USB-C has become
a universally accepted standard, so we're bringing USB-C to
iPhone 15. It enables charging,
transferring data, playing audio and video, and it's been built
into Apple products for years. Now, the same cable can charge
Mac, iPad, iPhone, and even AirPods Pro 2nd
Generation which is updated with a USB-C
connector. If your AirPods are low on
power, you can charge them, or even an Apple Watch,
right from your iPhone. We're also bringing USB-C to
EarPods, so they can work
with iPhone 15 seamlessly. And for an easy wireless
connection to chargers and other
accessories, iPhone 15 has MagSafe, which uses magnets
with 100% recycled rare earth
elements. These magnets ensure perfect
alignment of MagSafe or Qi2
chargers, as well as other accessories,
like our beautiful cases and
wallets. Millions of people use
these MagSafe accessories. And just like our Watch bands, this gives us another
opportunity for positive
environmental impact by eliminating leather and introducing stunning
new FineWoven accessories that significantly reduce carbon
emissions compared to leather. These soft and durable FineWoven
Cases also join our Silicone and
Clear Case, all designed to perfectly
complement iPhone 15. So that's iPhone 15! It has so many innovations
that you can use every day, like the Dynamic Island, a 48MP Main camera
that provides a 2x Telephoto, and A16 Bionic. And it has capabilities
that no other smartphone has, like the ability to get
emergency and roadside
assistance when you're off the grid, all built into a durable,
color-infused design. And with all of these fantastic
features, iPhone 15 is ready
wherever the day takes you. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Kaiann: iPhone 15 and iPhone 15
Plus are a huge leap forward. They're full of new,
industry-leading capabilities. They still start at just $799
for iPhone 15 and $899 for iPhone 15 Plus, with carrier activation. We also have excellent offers
from Apple and our partners, including up to $800 off in the
US when you trade in an iPhone 11
or newer. And at Apple,
you'll find the latest carrier
offers so you can buy and activate your
new iPhone on the network you
want in our stores and online. And now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: iPhone 15 and iPhone 15
Plus are truly incredible, with new capabilities that will
make a real difference in our
users' lives. Their unique combination
of powerful technology, ease of
use, and thoughtful design
make them indispensable. And we're not done yet. Our Pro models represent the
very best of Apple innovations, advancing features across
design, camera, performance, and
more. The next-generation Pro pushes
each of these further in ways
only Apple can, and I'd like to introduce it to
you now. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ For a closer look at iPhone 15
Pro, the most pro iPhone we've ever
created, here's Joz. ♪ ♪ Greg "Joz" Joswiak: iPhone 15
Pro is packed with
industry-first innovations and features our users are going
to love. Powered by our most advanced
Apple silicon yet, it delivers
the most incredible photos and
videos. And we are thrilled to introduce
our astonishing new Titanium
design. This is the most premium
material we've ever used in an
iPhone enclosure. Titanium is incredibly strong
and durable. Yet, at the same time, it is
much lighter, making these our lightest Pro
models ever. You'll feel it as soon as you
pick it up. Titanium is just beautiful. It feels fantastic
with the new contoured edges, and we are also introducing the
thinnest borders ever on an
iPhone. This enabled us
to reduce iPhone dimensions without affecting the display
size. So together with the lighter
weight and new edges, iPhone 15 Pro
is a delight to hold in your
hand. In addition to the strength of
titanium, iPhone 15 Pro has the toughest
glass-based materials in the
industry, including the Ceramic Shield
front, which is only available
on iPhone. And there are two great display
sizes to choose from: 6.1 inches for iPhone 15 Pro, and 6.7 inches for iPhone 15 Pro
Max. Now, to tell you more
about this incredible titanium
design, here's Isabel. Isabel Yang: Every material we
choose for iPhone is
meticulously considered. For iPhone 15 Pro we
re-evaluated every structural
component, inside and out,
optimizing our alloy selection and creating a breakthrough
innovation in manufacturing and
materials design. The new enclosure uses Grade 5
titanium, an alloy that has even higher
tensile strength than pure
titanium. It's typically reserved for
applications where the balance
of strength, formability, as well as weight,
are especially critical. In fact, this is the same alloy
used on the Mars rover. Titanium has one of the highest
strength-to-weight ratios of any
metal, providing incredible durability
for iPhone, while enabling a much lighter
design in comparison to
stainless steel. The titanium encases
a new aluminum sub-structure that is bonded
using solid-state diffusion. This is an industry-first
innovation, using a new thermo-mechanical
process that joins these two metals
with incredible high strength. Using aluminum on the inside
creates synergistic properties with the titanium enclosure, helping with thermal dissipation
and further weight reduction. Titanium also introduces
a new refined brush texture, enabled by a unique, multi-step
process that includes precision
machining, sanding, brushing,
and blasting. And while anodizing is commonly
used on titanium, we chose to use a PVD coating as
added protection while
introducing color. These Apple-designed coatings
are engineered with nanometer
precision, and take up to 14 hours to
complete, resulting in four gorgeous
finishes: Black Titanium and White
Titanium beautifully harmonize
with the back glass, Blue Titanium highlights
the material's elegance, and Natural Titanium celebrates
its raw metallic nature. There is also
a new internal chassis
architecture that makes iPhone more
repairable, thanks to a new
structural frame that allows the back glass
to be easily replaced. The entire aluminum
sub-structure is made with 100%
recycled aluminum, a first for iPhone, contributing to the overall
increase in recycled materials as we work toward our 2030
goals. Now, back to Joz. Joz: There is another design
change for iPhone 15 Pro that we're really excited about. From the very first iPhone, we've had the Ring/Silent
switch, a quick and easy way
to mute iPhone sounds. We wanted to make this even
better. So with iPhone 15 Pro,
we are reinventing the
experience with a customizable Action
button. By default,
it's still a simple Ring/Silent
switch. To toggle between ring and
silent, you simply press and hold the
button to confirm your intent. You also feel a distinctive
haptic feedback for each state. And you can choose a set of
actions and easily switch
between them. For example, with a simple
press, you can start voice memos
to quickly record a new idea, or launch Camera
to capture that important
moment, activate a favorite
accessibility feature, like Live
Speech, or you can use Shortcuts
to open up an even wider set of
options, from simply launching your
favorite app to running your own
custom shortcuts. The Action button delivers
even more convenience and
versatility to the iPhone experience. And every interaction gives you
visual feedback with the Dynamic
Island on the advanced pro display
of iPhone 15 Pro. In addition
to the innovative Dynamic
Island, the Super Retina XDR display
also provides the smooth
performance of ProMotion, the brightness and color
of Extreme Dynamic Range, and the convenience
of the Always-On display. And with iOS 17
we're introducing StandBy, a new full-screen experience activated by turning your iPhone
on its side while it's charging. With the Always-On display
of iPhone 15 Pro, StandBy stays on persistently
to show you useful information, perfect on a nightstand,
kitchen counter, or desk. You can choose a simple digital
clock, or customize your view
with multiple widgets. iPhone 15 Pro also includes
a huge advancement in
performance. We are excited to introduce
next-level performance and more pro capabilities than
ever with the A17 Pro. For more on how this marks the
beginning of a new chapter in
iPhone performance, here's Sri. ♪ ♪ Sribalan Santhanam: The A-series
chip powers every experience on
iPhone. For iPhone 15 Pro, we developed
a new generation of Apple
silicon that is a major step forward,
with changes throughout the
entire chip including a breakthrough new
GPU. At the foundation of this new
chip is the transistor
technology, and this is the industry's first
3-nanometer chip. These 3-nanometer transistors
are patterned using state-of-the-art
extreme ultraviolet lithography. Elements of these transistors
are just over 12 silicon atoms
wide. A17 Pro features
19 billion of these transistors. And we use all of them
to improve the performance, efficiency, and features of our
new chip. The new CPU features
micro-architectural and design
improvements for both our performance cores
and efficiency cores. Our performance cores
are now up to 10% faster, continuing to deliver the
fastest single-threaded
performance in any smartphone, challenging even high-end
desktop PCs. Our efficiency cores are also
faster and remain unmatched in the
industry, delivering three times the
performance per watt of the
competition. These are critical to iPhone as
your most typical tasks run on
these cores. The Neural Engine is now up to
twice as fast for machine
learning models, allowing it to process
up to 35 trillion operations per
second! The Neural Engine uses machine
learning on device without sending your personal
data to the cloud, powering features like
typing more accurately with
Autocorrect, lifting a subject from a photo
background, or creating a Personal Voice
for users at risk of speech
loss. A17 Pro has dedicated engines
that enable pro features. Those include the ProRes codec, and a display engine that powers
ProMotion and the Always-On display. We also included a dedicated AV1
decoder, enabling more efficient
and high-quality video
experiences for streaming services. iPhone 15 Pro also has
the new USB-C connector, but for our Pro models, we
included a new USB controller in
A17 Pro that enables new workflows
not possible before. This is the first iPhone
with USB 3 speeds, up to 10 gigabits per second. Using an optional USB 3 cable, that's up to 20 times faster
than USB 2, enabling much higher transfer
speeds. The groundbreaking innovation
of A17 Pro is a brand new GPU, with a new Apple-designed
shader architecture, our biggest redesign
in the history of Apple GPUs. This is a Pro-class GPU that
expands what's possible on
iPhone even more. We focused on three things: improving performance and
efficiency, running complex applications, and adding new rendering
features. The new GPU is now a 6-core
design, which is up to 20% faster
for peak performance. And we also focused on energy
efficiency that helps with sustained
performance for games. We've added brand new features
to the GPU, like mesh shading, which lets games create detailed
environments while drawing less
power. And for the first time,
we have hardware-accelerated ray
tracing, featuring the fastest
ray-tracing performance in any
smartphone. Here's a scene without ray
tracing that instead uses cube maps to
approximate the reflections on
surfaces. The light reflecting in the
scene is less accurate and thus
less realistic. Now here's a scene
with ray-traced reflections, more accurately representing
the behavior of light and reflections of the
environment. With hardware-accelerated ray
tracing, A17 Pro can run these graphics
smoothly at much higher frame
rates than with software-based ray
tracing. It's a more immersive experience
for games and AR applications. A17 Pro is more energy efficient
and can run up to four times
faster when compared with
software-based ray tracing on
A16 Bionic. Gaming is further improved
with new software features, including MetalFX Upscaling, which combines the performance
of the GPU and Neural Engine to enable high-quality graphics,
while using much less power. With the fastest chip ever
on any smartphone, we are excited for iPhone 15 Pro
to change mobile gaming. Back to Joz to tell you more. Joz: iPhone is the best
mobile gaming platform in the
world. iPhone is powered by
high-performance and
power-efficient Apple silicon, features advanced HDR displays,
supports variable refresh rates, and is compatible with
the most advanced game
controllers. The App Store and Apple Arcade
have revolutionized game
distribution. And iPhone and iOS have
a fantastic game developer
community. A17 Pro takes this incredible
platform even further, laying the foundation
for a new generation of mobile
gaming. Some of the world's best
developers are taking advantage of this new level of
performance. Here's a taste of what's
possible on iPhone 15 Pro. Fabrice Navrez:
Welcome to New York City in The Division Resurgence. ♪ ♪ The A17 Pro allows us
to push the quality of the game with improved resolution, more dynamic lighting,
and even more fire and weather
effects, making the game more real. ♪ ♪ Fish Ling: Thanks to the chip
updates, we have been able to develop
high-quality water features. That means more realistic waves
and reflections. On the new iPhone 15 Pro, Honkai: Star Rail has never
looked better. Tsuyoshi Kanda: But that's not
all. Games like Resident Evil
Village, and Resident Evil 4, once only available on consoles, can now be played on iPhone,
thanks to A17 Pro. ♪ ♪ This is the future of mobile
gaming, all thanks to the power of
iPhone 15 Pro. ♪ ♪ Joz: Wow!
It's amazing to think those games are running on a
device that fits in your pocket. We're excited
that The Division Resurgence is launching on iPhone in early
2024. And this new level of
performance will enable new
games for iPhone 15 Pro that were previously only
available on game consoles, PCs,
or the Mac. Like CAPCOM's Resident Evil
Village and the remake of
Resident Evil 4, both launching later this year. And Ubisoft will bring Mirage, the latest installment of the
Assassin's Creed franchise, to iPhone 15 Pro in early 2024. This is the first time
the console version of
Assassin's Creed will be natively available
on a smartphone. Now let's talk about the camera. The Pro camera system is a big
reason why users choose our Pro
models. Built on a powerful foundation
of hardware and software, it captures the most amazing
photos and videos, with the incredible versatility
of multiple lenses. iPhone 15 Pro has
our best camera system yet. Users will get even better
photos and videos, powerful new features, and the
equivalent of seven camera
lenses in their pocket. To tell you how we achieve this,
here's Misha. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Misha Scepanovic: Last year we
introduced our innovative 48MP
camera, which users loved for their
beautiful high resolution
photos. iPhone 15 Pro features a more
advanced 48MP Main camera, with an even larger sensor than
iPhone 15. The camera includes a new
nanoscale coating to reduce lens
flare, brings high resolution to
everyday photos, enables more focal lengths, and has better low-light
performance for portraits and
Night mode. When using all pixels
of the quad-pixel sensor, the Main camera can capture
unbelievable detail, like every little scale on this
lizard. In addition to 48MP ProRAW, users can now shoot in 48MP
HEIF, with four times more resolution
than before. And with the power
of our computational
photography, we have the new super-high
resolution default for the Main
camera. 24MP photos merge the best
of low light and detail
together, as you can see here
in the beautiful color of her
eyes, the sharpness on the edges of
her clothes, and the artistic reflection on
the table. Since the new Photonic Engine
now uses a 48MP image, iPhone can shoot higher
resolution photos in 24-, 28- and 35-millimeter
focal length, a very important range
for pro photographers. They can now quickly switch
between these new options, and even choose a new default
lens, customizing their camera
experience to their creative
needs. iPhone 15 Pro also gets
next-generation portraits with
Focus and Depth Control, with two times better
low light performance, as you can see here
in this beautiful shot. The smallest details of her
expression are incredibly clear and contrasted with the dimly
lit, yet detailed background. You can really feel her emotion. In this photo,
Night mode is unbelievable. Now powered by the Photonic
Engine, we can capture more color
and details than ever, from the warmth of her lipstick to the creases of her white
dress. Enabled by the LiDAR Scanner, Night mode portraits also look
stunning on iPhone 15 Pro. In this shot we captured
the intricate fabric his sweater together with the beautiful
bokeh of the lights in the
background. And our latest Smart HDR
delivers even more true-to-life
photos, with greater dynamic range. As you can see here
with the beautiful lighting on
her face and the sun reflecting on her
hair, all while preserving the blue of
the sky. Now let's talk about our zoom
range. iPhone 15 Pro features
a great 3x Telephoto camera at 77-millimeter focal length, ideal for classic portraiture. For iPhone 15 Pro Max, we are using the extra size
of the larger iPhone to introduce something unique, our longest optical zoom yet, 5x optical zoom
at 120-millimeter focal length! We designed
a state-of-the-art Telephoto
camera. Compared to iPhone 14 Pro Max, it has a 25% larger sensor, 100% Focus Pixels, and an f/2.8 aperture, the largest of any smartphone
at this optical range. 120 millimeter
is a very useful focal length, great for close-ups, wildlife photos, and getting closer to the sports
action. 120-millimeter lenses are
typically long, so instead we created
an innovative tetra-prism
design, built right into iPhone. The light rays are reflected
four times through the glass
structure, allowing the light to travel for
longer in a much smaller design. This creates enough separation
between the lens and the sensor to enable the longer focal
length. And we have our most advanced
stabilization yet: a combined OIS and autofocus
3D sensor-shift module that moves in all three
directions, a first for any
smartphone. This was critical
to support the tetra-prism
design. It provides even better
stabilization, with up to 10,000
micro-adjustments per second! That's twice as many as iPhone
14 Pro. This longer focal length gives
Pro users a brand new creative
option, and we can't wait to see
the incredible photos they will
take. The Ultra Wide camera is also
improved with a new
anti-reflective coating, better Night mode,
and the latest Smart HDR, in addition to enabling one of
our users' favorite features on
the Pro models: macro photography. Macro is one of the seven lenses
of the new Pro camera system, with a 10x optical zoom range
going from 13- to 120-millimeter
focal length, making iPhone 15 Pro Max more
powerful and more versatile than
ever. Now, back to Joz. Joz:
iPhone 15 Pro will enable great
workflows for photographers and filmmakers
that previously weren't
possible. Using a USB 3 cable with iPhone
15 Pro enables incredibly fast
transfer speeds. So it's much faster
to transfer your large ProRAW
photos or ProRes videos to your Mac. And now you can use your iPhone
with Capture One to shoot and instantly transfer
48MP ProRAW directly to a Mac, easily creating a pro studio
suited for today's fast-paced
needs. iPhone 15 Pro also supports
recording ProRes video directly to an external storage
drive. Video productions can quickly
swap drives and keep iPhone as
the main camera on set. Recording to an external drive
enables even higher quality
recording options, pushing ProRes 4K up to 60
frames per second for the first
time, a great option for filmmakers
to create cinematic slow motion. We are also introducing Log
encoding to make ProRes even more
powerful for our pro users, enabling more range and
flexibility for visual effects and color grading in
post-production. With Log encoding, iPhone 15 Pro
will be the first smartphone in
the world to support
the Academy Color Encoding
System, or ACES,
a global standard for color
workflows, making it easier for filmmakers
to use iPhone in their
production. The iPhone 15 Pro camera system
pushes the limits of what you can capture with a
smartphone. The precious memories you
capture on iPhone look
incredible when viewing with Apple Vision
Pro. Photos and videos look lifelike, and panoramas expand
to create an immersive
experience that wraps around you. And there's one more unique
feature we've created just for the world of spatial
computing. With iPhone 15 Pro,
you can now capture spatial
videos. We use the Ultra Wide
and Main cameras together to create a three dimensional
video. You can then relive these
memories in a magical way on
Apple Vision Pro. This is really important
as your iPhone is with you all
the time, so you won't ever miss capturing
a special moment using spatial
video, like your family's beach
vacation. Spatial video lets you feel like
you're right back to that moment
in time. [laughs] You can also share these spatial
videos with anyone with an Apple Vision Pro
so they can feel like they were
there too. Capturing spatial video will be
available later this year. So this is the iPhone 15 Pro, our best and most pro iPhone
ever. With a new, beautiful, strong,
and lighter titanium design, as well as next-level
performance from the A17 Pro, a convenient
and customizable Action button, and our most pro camera system for our best photos and videos
ever, including next-generation
portraits and our longest optical zoom
on iPhone 15 Pro Max. All while still providing
great all-day battery life. The iPhone 15 Pro will start
at the same price as last year,
$999. And iPhone 15 Pro Max,
featuring the new 5x Telephoto
camera, will start at $1199 with 256GB
of storage, which also matches last year's
price with this level of
storage. We also have incredible offers
from Apple and our carrier
partners, including up to $1000 off in the
US when you trade in an iPhone
11 Pro or newer. All new iPhone models will be
available for pre-order this
Friday, September 15th, and they'll be available in
stores next week on September
22nd. And starting next week,
iCloud+ is adding two new plans: 6 and 12 terabytes, for even more room to keep your
photos and videos safe. iCloud+ also has great features
that allow you to easily share
your photos, automatically back up your
iPhone, and so much more. And of course, with Family
Sharing, everyone in your household
can get all the benefits of
iCloud+. This is by far,
our best iPhone lineup ever, with Dynamic Island
across the iPhone 15 lineup, incredible new camera systems, and powerful features
that you'll use throughout the
day. And the iPhone line up starts
at just $429 with iPhone SE. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: Thank you, Joz.
Thanks to all of our presenters, and thanks to everyone who
worked on these amazing products that are so indispensable
in our daily lives. Apple Watch Series 9, with our most powerful chip ever
in Apple Watch, a brighter display, and a
convenient new way to interact
with your watch. And it's our first carbon
neutral product. Apple Watch Ultra 2, our most
rugged, and even more capable
watch, now featuring
Apple's brightest display ever. iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus, now with Dynamic Island, an incredible camera system
featuring a 48MP Main camera, and the power of A16 Bionic
in a gorgeous new design. And iPhone 15 Pro, in titanium for a durable,
light, and stunning finish. With the new A17 Pro,
the fastest chip ever in a
smartphone, a customizable Action button, and our most pro camera system
yet featuring a 5x Telephoto
camera. These are the best and most
capable iPhones we've ever made. At Apple,
we strive to create innovative
products and best-in-class experiences that help us do the things
that matter most in our lives. Apple Watch and iPhone are
essential. They're with us all the time
and we use them throughout the
day, which is why we're so excited
for you to begin using these
incredible new devices. Thank you for joining us! Have a great day! ♪ ♪ . . Hear that? That's the sound of plotting wavelets
to analyze an ECG signal on a Mac. It's hard work. That's not hard. Try driving a bunch of kids to practice, and then coaching them when you get there. Layups! Ha! You think that's hard? Try beating these guys. Back to Lionel Messi! I gotta get back to work. It's not like it's astrophysics. Mapping the structure of the galaxy,
now that's hard work. Not a fan of the galaxy. [laughs] Well, my paper's due today,
and I haven't even started yet. Why do I always make this so hard? I'm working so hard I can't even talk
to y'all right now. Nah, I'm working so hard
I can't even look at you. [scoffs] ♪ ♪ Okay. Oh! You make it look easy, but at Porsche, we make it look perfect. Can I trade with the Porsche guy? Nein. Learning how to take deep breaths... Can be very hard work. Break time's over. Hard work never stops Girls Who Code. It's not that hard. What? Sorry, can't hear you over the sound
of all this hard work. Hard work. Hard work. Hard work. - Ooh.
- Hard work. Oh, that's hard. But is it as hard as breathing? Nothing is harder than... animation! Yeah, but you're on a Mac, so... How hard can it be? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Tim Cook:
Good evening and welcome to Apple Park! Tonight, we're doing something special to celebrate a product we all love, the Mac! Like we just saw,
the Mac inspires us to be creative, to be productive,
and to do the best work of our lives. We continue to push the Mac forward. It has been completely transformed
by Apple silicon, with its game-changing performance, advanced technologies,
and industry-leading power efficiency. Apple silicon has driven the creation
of the strongest and most capable lineup
in the history of the personal computer. And this transformation
has been especially profound for MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. The remarkable efficiency of Apple silicon
has given them incredible performance, extraordinary battery life,
and unprecedented capabilities, all in amazingly compact designs. They are the best in the industry by far. Tonight we're introducing a new family
of breakthrough chips and bringing them
to the world's best pro laptop, MacBook Pro. Here's Johny to tell you more. ♪ ♪ Johny Srouji:
Welcome to my lab. Apple silicon has completely redefined
the Mac laptop experience. Every aspect of its architecture
is designed for performance and power efficiency. Our state-of-the-art designs
pack tremendous performance and capabilities into a very small chip, which is ideal for our amazing laptops. The industry-leading
power efficiency of Apple silicon results in extraordinary battery life
and phenomenal performance, whether you're plugged in or not. And with advanced technologies
like the unified memory architecture, Neural Engine, and Media Engine, Macs can do things
no other laptops can do. Tonight, we're doing something
we haven't done before, as we bring our latest technologies
to a broader set of users more rapidly than ever. We're launching the next generation
of Apple silicon for the Mac, by debuting three breakthrough chips
at the same time. Introducing M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max. They feature a number
of groundbreaking technologies, and show how far
Apple silicon for the Mac has come since the debut of the M1 family. To start, they're the first chips
for a personal computer built using the industry-leading
3 nanometer technology. Utilizing state-of-the-art,
extreme ultraviolet lithography, 3 nanometer technology
creates transistors that are so small, you could fit 2 million of them
in the cross section of a human hair. We use these cutting-edge transistors to
advance every component of these new chips to deliver increased performance
and new features to every chip in the family. The biggest advancement comes to the GPU. The M3 family of chips introduces
a next-generation GPU that takes the largest leap forward
in graphics architecture ever for Apple silicon. It starts with a new microarchitecture
that has a breakthrough feature we call Dynamic Caching,
an industry first. In a traditional graphics architecture, software determines the amount
of local GPU memory that's allocated to upcoming tasks at compile time. This results in reserving
the same amount of memory for every task based on the needs
of the single most demanding task, which means the GPU is under utilized especially with complex programs. In our next-generation GPU, local memory gets dynamically allocated in hardware in real time. So only the exact amount of memory
that is needed is used for each task. This dramatically increases
the average utilization of the GPU, which significantly increases performance
for the most demanding pro apps and games. This is an industry first,
transparent to developers, and the cornerstone
of our new GPU architecture. This next-generation GPU also brings
new rendering features to Apple silicon, like hardware-accelerated mesh shading. Mesh shading brings greater capability
and efficiency to geometry processing, enabling more visually complex scenes. Finally, the new GPU architecture
brings hardware-accelerated ray tracing to the Mac for the first time. Ray tracing models
the physical properties of light as it interacts with a scene, enabling games to render
more accurate shadows and reflections to create more realistic environments. And pro 3D rendering apps
can produce stunning ray traced visuals faster than ever. In fact, the combination
of hardware-accelerated ray tracing and the new graphics architecture
allows pro apps to deliver up to two and a half times
faster rendering performance than the M1 family of chips. This is a monstrous improvement
for the most demanding graphics tasks. This new GPU architecture
is a breakthrough and will bring a whole new level
of graphics performance to the Mac. Now, let's look at the M3 family's
next-generation CPU cores. The performance cores are up to 30% faster
than the M1 family, while maintaining
their fantastic power efficiency. And the efficiency cores take
an even bigger leap in performance for many typical tasks, up to 50% faster. We've added these architecture
and performance improvements while maintaining
our industry-leading performance per watt. Let's look at how far we've come
since the M1. This architecture is able to deliver the same multithreaded
CPU performance as M1, with just half the power! And the GPU is able to deliver
the same performance as the M1, using nearly half the power as well. These are tremendous gains
in performance per watt! Now when we compare it against
the latest 12-core PC laptop chip, it delivers the same CPU performance using just one quarter of the power! And when we compare it
to the GPU performance of that chip, it delivers the same performance
using just one fifth of the power! It's incredible! M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max also have
a faster and more efficient Neural Engine that is a breathtaking 60% faster
than the M1 family, making AI even faster while keeping data on-device
to preserve privacy. The M3 family has also
our advanced Media Engine for hardware acceleration
of the most popular video codecs. And now it includes support for AV1, enabling power-efficient playback of streaming video from YouTube,
Netflix, and other services. The state-of-the-art technologies
in the M3 family of chips result in a huge leap forward
for Apple silicon for the Mac. And with our scalable architecture, we tailor each M-Series chip
for different user needs, delivering best-in-class features
to every user. Starting with the M3 chip, which delivers phenomenal performance
for our most popular systems. It features an 8-core CPU and our next-generation 10-core GPU, and is up to 65% faster than M1. M3 Pro scales up that design
with increased capabilities for users who need even more performance. It has a 12-core CPU, an 18-core GPU, and is up to 40% faster than M1 Pro. And finally,
M3 Max takes it even further to deliver a tremendous leap
in performance for the most demanding pro workloads. It features a 16-core CPU
and a 40-core GPU, and it now supports up to
a massive 128GB of unified memory, enabling AI developers to work with
even larger transformer models with billions of parameters. M3 Max is up to 80% faster than M1 Max. That's a giant leap in performance
in just two years! So that's the groundbreaking M3,
M3 Pro, and M3 Max. With 3 nanometer technology, a next-generation GPU architecture, a higher performance CPU, faster Neural Engine, and support for even more unified memory, they're the most advanced chips
ever built for a personal computer. Now to tell you about the incredible
new products that get these new chips, I'll hand it over to John. ♪ ♪ John Ternus: We're thrilled to introduce
the third generation of M-series chips. Their tremendous performance
and power efficiency take MacBook Pro to a whole new level. Our vision for MacBook Pro
is to deliver extraordinary performance and remarkable capabilities
without sacrificing portability, enabling workflows that were
previously impossible on a laptop. Every aspect of MacBook Pro
is best in class, from its amazing performance
and industry-leading battery life to its brilliant XDR display,
built-in camera, immersive sound system,
and wide array of connectivity. That's why it's used by so many pros
in so many different ways to take on their most demanding tasks and do their life's best work,
wherever they are. It's simply the world's best pro laptop. And with the M3 family of chips,
it gets even better, making it a monster upgrade for anyone
still on an Intel-based MacBook Pro. Introducing the new MacBook Pro. It raises the bar yet again
for what a pro laptop can do. And to tell you all about it, here's Kate. ♪ ♪ Kate Bergeron:
The new MacBook Pro is scary fast. And with M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max, there's a perfect model for everyone. Let's begin with the 14-inch MacBook Pro. It now starts with the M3 chip, making it the ideal laptop
for users pursuing their passions. Whether you're a student,
entrepreneur, creator, or combination of all three, you'll find everyday tasks lightning fast. And when you're using pro apps
or playing games, the advanced thermal system allows you to
sustain the phenomenal performance of M3. In fact, the 14-inch MacBook Pro with M3
is up to 60% faster than the 13-inch MacBook Pro with M1. So it's great for working with demanding
content across a variety of workflows. Such as making intricate 3D models
in SketchUp faster than before. Or viewing and interacting
with large medical images in SurgicalAR with stunning detail on the XDR display. And hardware-accelerated ray tracing
enables gameplay with incredibly realistic lighting,
shadows, and reflections in games like Myst. Next let's talk about the 14- and 16-inch
MacBook Pro with M3 Pro, which provides even greater performance
and additional unified memory for users with more demanding workflows like coders, creative pros,
and researchers. With M3 Pro,
MacBook Pro is up to 40% faster than the 16-inch model with M1 Pro. So stitching together and manipulating
enormous panoramic photos in Photoshop is much quicker, working on large and complex data models
in MATLAB is more fluid, and compiling and testing millions
of lines of code in Xcode is even faster. And MacBook Pro with M3 Pro
can do all of this while also driving
two external high-resolution displays. Now let's turn to MacBook Pro with M3 Max. For users with extreme workflows
like AI developers, 3D artists, and video professionals,
it's an absolute beast. It provides performance and capabilities
that push the limits of computing. With M3 Max, it's up to
two and a half times faster than the 16-inch MacBook Pro with M1 Max. Thanks to the next-generation
GPU architecture in M3 Max, you can model and iterate
remarkably complex 3D content in Cinema 4D with Redshift. And you can do it faster than ever even while away from the studio. And video post-production work
on the highest resolution content in apps like DaVinci Resolve,
Premiere Pro, or Final Cut Pro is an absolute breeze
thanks to two ProRes engines. MacBook Pro with M3 Max also supports up to an enormous 128GB of unified memory. We first introduced support
for this amount of memory on the powerful Mac Studio with M1 Ultra. And now, just 18 months later
we're bringing it to MacBook Pro. This enables creators to easily work
on large and complex projects spanning multiple pro apps and plugins, like Substance 3D Painter,
Maya, and Arnold. Or compose huge film scores
with Pro Tools, where entire orchestral libraries
are instantly available from memory. MacBook Pro with M3 Max can drive
four high-resolution external displays, providing a vast amount
of screen real estate for users who need an even larger canvas. And all models of the MacBook Pro
deliver the same phenomenal performance whether plugged in or on battery, unlike many PC laptops. To top it off,
the new MacBook Pro provides up to an extraordinary
22 hours of battery life for the ultimate in pro portability, whether you're working all day
or all night. These are the most powerful laptops
we've ever created. They're a big upgrade for any user, but for those users
who haven't yet upgraded from Intel, the new MacBook Pro
will change the game in every way. First, it's up to
a massive 11 times faster than the fastest Intel-based model. Everything you do
will be unbelievably responsive. And thanks to the power efficiency
of Apple silicon, for the vast majority of workloads,
you'll never hear the fans. You'll also get up to a spectacular
11 additional hours of battery life. And on top of this remarkable performance
and battery life, you get all these great features. And of course,
you also get the industry-leading Liquid Retina XDR display, which is unrivaled
for creating and enjoying content. With its exceptional 1000 nits sustained and 1600 nits of peak brightness
for HDR content, impressive contrast ratio, vivid colors,
and outstanding viewing angle, the Liquid Retina XDR display
is the world's best laptop display. And with the new MacBook Pro,
it gets even better. SDR content is displayed
at up to 600 nits, which is 20% brighter than before. And users connecting
to the Studio Display, which also supports up to 600 nits, have consistent brightness
across their workflows. Finally, we have something really special
for our users. MacBook Pro with M3 Pro and M3 Max comes in a stunning new color that's unmistakably pro. And here it is. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Introducing MacBook Pro in Space Black. It's a gorgeous, dark aluminum finish. Not only that,
we're using a breakthrough chemistry that forms an anodization seal
that greatly reduces fingerprints. Space Black looks absolutely amazing. MacBook Pro is also built to last. The enclosure is created
from a custom alloy that uses 100% recycled aluminum. This material is incredibly durable,
so it's great for our users, who can count on MacBook Pro
for many years of use. And it's an important aspect
of conserving Earth's finite resources and reaching our goal
of carbon neutral products by 2030. Bringing the new MacBook Pro to life
is macOS Sonoma. It has great new features
like widgets on your desktop, so you can easily view the weather,
check items off your Reminders list, or see exciting new Apple TV+ series
like Monarch: Legacy of Monsters. Let's take a quick peek. ♪ ♪ Monarch: Legacy of Monsters looks awesome, and it's coming to Apple TV+ next month. And macOS Sonoma takes full advantage
of all the capabilities of Apple silicon, with powerful new features for pros. Like the new performance mode
in Screen Sharing, which enables extremely responsive
remote access to another Mac. So pros can securely work
on their highest-quality content from anywhere. And Game Mode,
which prioritizes graphics tasks to deliver consistently high frame rates and drastically reduces latency
with your wireless accessories. So you can enjoy
even more immersive gameplay in your favorite titles,
like Baldur's Gate 3. No matter what your passions are
in work and in life, there's a MacBook Pro
that's perfect for you. ♪ ♪ With a faster CPU and GPU, the 14-inch MacBook Pro with M3
offers immense capability. It provides incredible power
and versatility for users like students, business owners, and aspiring musicians, who can use hundreds of tracks, plugins,
and virtual instruments in Logic Pro to bring their musical ideas to life. MacBook Pro with M3 Pro delivers
even greater CPU and GPU performance, allowing professionals to iterate faster while working on
even more demanding tasks. It's perfect for users like
software developers, industrial designers,
and biomedical researchers, who can visualize digital pathology images containing billions of pixels
in apps like QuPath or work with powerful DNA sequencing
technology in apps like MinKNOW. And because MacBook Pro delivers
the same incredible performance whether plugged in or on battery, users can seamlessly
move their workflows anywhere. With its monster CPU and GPU
and a massive amount of unified memory, MacBook Pro with M3 Max
delivers unprecedented performance for intense workflows. It's an amazing tool
for machine learning programmers, 3D animators, and video editors, who can easily work with multiple streams
of 8K video in Premiere Pro. So that's the remarkably powerful
and capable new MacBook Pro. With the power of the M3 family of chips, up to 22 hours of battery life, a stunning Liquid Retina XDR display, and advanced connectivity, there's simply no other laptop
like MacBook Pro. Now, back to John. ♪ ♪ John: With the next generation
of M-series chips, the new MacBook Pro brings
our most advanced technologies to the broadest set of users yet. And we can't wait
for them to experience it. The 14-inch MacBook Pro delivers more
performance and capabilities than ever. And while it previously started at $1999, it now starts at just $1599. And the 16-inch MacBook Pro, with the monumental performance
of M3 Pro and M3 Max, still starts at $2499. You can order the new MacBook Pro
with M3 and M3 Pro today and it'll be available next week. Models with M3 Max will be available
later in November. There's nothing quite like
the new MacBook Pro. It's wicked fast. And in Space Black,
it just looks awesome. And we're not done.
We have another big treat for our users. We're updating the 24-inch iMac
for the first time, by giving it the M3 chip. Millions of users around the world,
from families to business owners, absolutely love the 24-inch iMac. In fact,
it's the world's best-selling all-in-one. Well tonight,
thanks to the efficiency of Apple silicon, we're giving iMac a giant leap
in performance while keeping the same,
impossibly thin design and spectrum of seven vibrant colors. With M3, iMac is up to two times faster
than iMac with M1. And you'll feel its speed and power
in everything you do, from multitasking
across everyday productivity apps to exploring creative passions,
like editing high-resolution photos or multiple streams of 4K video, to playing your favorite games,
like Firmament, which load faster than ever
and just look incredible. For those who are upgrading
from an Intel-based iMac, you'll experience a huge difference
in performance and features. Compared to the most popular
27-inch models, iMac with M3 is up to
two and a half times faster. And when compared to the most powerful
21.5-inch iMac model, it's up to a remarkable four times faster. And you'll love seeing
everything come to life on the beautiful, large, and immersive
24-inch, 4.5K Retina display. It's the perfect size and resolution
to replace both the 4K and the 5K Intel-based models in an even more versatile
and stunning design. Whichever model you're coming from, you'll appreciate the enormous amount
of screen real estate on the new iMac display. Along with 11 million pixels,
500 nits of brightness, and over a billion colors, it's an expansive canvas that lets you
spread out with all your favorite apps. You also get great features
like a 1080p FaceTime camera, a six-speaker sound system
with Spatial Audio, and studio-quality mics, which create an unmatched
video conferencing experience. In addition, you'll also get the advanced
technologies of Apple silicon, like the Neural Engine and Media Engine for incredible machine learning
and video performance, and the option to choose a Magic Keyboard with Touch ID for secure log-in and payments. Finally, the integration of iPhone, iMac,
and your other Apple devices, together with the performance of M3, boost your creativity and productivity
in fun, new ways. You can do things like send a message or
answer a phone call right from your Mac. Or scan a document with your iPhone
and watch it instantly appear. Altogether,
the iMac experience is simply unrivaled. So that's the new iMac, with the remarkable performance of M3. Featuring an expansive
4.5K Retina display, faster wireless connectivity,
a striking design, and a seamless experience with iPhone, it's the world's best all-in-one. And even with all of these incredible
and innovative features, iMac still starts at just $1299. You can order it today,
and it will be available next week. The amazing performance and capabilities
of Apple silicon, combined with the powerful,
yet easy-to-use features of macOS, deliver an incredible experience
that is only possible on a Mac. Now, back to Tim. ♪ ♪ Tim: There's never been a better time
to experience a Mac. And we're innovating at a tremendous pace! We continue to make huge advances
in Apple silicon with the incredible new
M3 family of chips: M3, M3 Pro, and M3 Max. They are the most advanced chips
ever created for a personal computer, taking the best pro laptops in the world and making them even better! And with M3 coming to iMac, the world's best all-in-one
gets even more powerful and more capable. MacBook Pro and iMac join the rest
of our amazing, industry-leading lineup. A lineup made possible
by the tight collaboration between our world-class hardware, software, and silicon teams. This deep integration is something
only Apple can deliver. And we never stop innovating. This has been a remarkable year, one where we've taken our products
and platforms further than ever before, as well as introducing
entirely new breakthroughs that will shift the way
we look at technology and the role it plays in our lives
for years to come. Thank you all for joining us. Have a great night! ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 